Bin 10230 
241 Ralph McGill Boulevard 
NE 
Atlanta, GA 30308-3374 

September 30th, 2025 

Ms. Sallie Tanner 
Executive Secretary 
Georgia Public Service Commission 
244 Washington Street, SW 
Atlanta, GA 30334-5701 

RE: Georgia Power’s 2025 Integrated Resource Plan, Docket No. 56002 and Georgia Power 
Company’s 2025 Application for the Certification, Decertification, and Amended Demand-
Side Management Plan, Docket No. 56003 

Dear Ms. Tanner: 

In accordance with O.C.G.A. § 46-3A-1, et seq., and Georgia Public Service Commission (the 
“Commission”) Rules 515-3-4-.06 through 515-3-4-.10, as applicable, Georgia Power Company 
(“Georgia Power”) received approval of its 2025 Integrated Resource Plan (“IRP”) and Demand 
Side Management (“DSM”) case on July 15th, 2025. In compliance with the order, Georgia Power 
now files this revised DCO-1 Tariff in connection with the Distributed Energy Resource (“DER”) 
Customer-Owned  Program  and  the  LCOR-1  Tariff,  related  to  the  Large  Customer  Owned 
Resiliency program, as included within the 2025 IRP. 

If you have any questions, please contact Hiren Patel at 404-506-6929. 

Sincerely, 

/s/ Jeremiah C. Haswell 

Jeremiah C. Haswell  
Director, Regulatory Affairs 
jhaswell@southernco.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ELECTRIC SERVICE TARIFF: 
DER CUSTOMER OWNED 
SCHEDULE: “DCO-1” 

PAGE 
1 of 2  With Bills Rendered for the Billing Month of November, 2025 

EFFECTIVE DATE 

REVISION 
First 

PAGE NO. 
12.70 

AVAILABILITY: 

Available throughout the Company's service area from existing lines of adequate capacity.  

APPLICABILITY: 

Applicable at the Company’s discretion to qualifying Commercial and Industrial customers, as defined in the 
Company’s  Rules  and  Regulations  for  Electric  Service,  with  customer-sited  distributed  energy  resources 
(DER),  subject  to  the  Company’s  terms  and  conditions  of  participation. The  DER  must  have  a  minimum 
nameplate capacity of 1 megawatt (MW), and a maximum capacity of 10 MW at an individual premises. DER 
must be newly manufactured and installed with a commercial operation date subsequent to the certification 
of the resources by the Georgia  Public Service Commission. Customers may aggregate DER at multiple 
accounts to meet the 1 MW minimum requirement, provided that each account’s DER is 250 kilowatts or 
greater. The DER must be interconnected allowing the Company to transmit the energy they produce to the 
electric grid. 

DESCRIPTION: 

The  DER  and  related  equipment  will  be  located  at  the  premises  of  participating  customers  and  will  be 
operated and dispatched solely by the Company, at its discretion, to provide system benefits to all customers 
through  the  electric  grid.  During  times  of  electric  service  outage,  the  DER  will  be  used  to  provide  the 
participating customer with resiliency service to support the customer’s operations. 

Participating customers must enter a written DER Customer-Owned Agreement (DCO Agreement) with the 
Company,  referencing  this  schedule.  DER  technology  that  may  be  utilized  under  this  tariff  must  be 
dispatchable, have a firm fuel supply, meet company minimum technical requirements, and meet current 
regulatory  requirements  for  non-emergency  operation.  Charges  for  service  under  this  schedule  are  in 
addition to charges under the customer’s standard electric service tariff and any other applicable charges. 

PRICING METHODOLOGY: 

The Company will provide each participating customer with a credit on the customer’s monthly electric bill in 
exchange for the Company’s use of the customer’s DER for the economic dispatch of electric energy to the 
electric grid. The credit will be specified in each customer’s applicable DCO Agreement and will be based 
on the projected system value of the customer’s DER over the term of the customer’s subscription to the 
program. System value will include the projected avoided capacity and energy benefits as defined by the 
then current annual base case planning scenario as filed annually with the Commission. The participating 
customer’s credit will be calculated as 75% of the projected system value of the DER asset paid over the 
subscription period. 

The customer will be charged for all electricity used, including that provided by the DER, under the rates set 
forth in its standard electric service tariff. 

TERM OF CONTRACT: 

The term of service under this tariff will be specific to each participating customer and will be set forth in the 
applicable DCO Agreement. The initial term of DCO Agreements under the DCO program may extend up to 
15 years. At that time, the Company and customer may agree to extend the term of the agreement based 
upon an updated system value as determined by the Company.     

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE: “DCO-1” 

PAGE 
2 of 2  With Bills Rendered for the Billing Month of November, 2025 

EFFECTIVE DATE 

REVISION 
First 

PAGE NO. 
12.70 

GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS: 

The charges and payments calculated under this schedule are subject to change in such an amount as may 
be amended and approved by the Georgia Public Service Commission. The Company reserves the right to 
terminate service under this schedule and to terminate any related DCO Agreement, if (i) the DCO program 
is discontinued with the approval of the Georgia Public Service Commission, (ii) the participating customer 
fails to meet any obligations or requirements of the DCO program, this tariff, or the DCO Agreement, or (iii) 
where  termination  is  otherwise  consistent  with  the  Georgia  Power  Company  Rules  and  Regulations  for 
Electric Service.  

Service hereunder is subject to the Georgia Power Company Rules and Regulations for Electric Service on 
file with the Georgia Public Service Commission and as they may be amended from time to time.  

 
ELECTRIC SERVICE TARIFF: 
LARGE CUSTOMER OWNED RESILIENCY 
RIDER SCHEDULE: “LCOR-1” 

PAGE 
REVISION 
1 of 2  With Bills Rendered for the Billing Month of November, 2025  Original 

EFFECTIVE DATE 

PAGE NO. 
13.30 

AVAILABILITY: 

Available throughout the Company's service area from existing lines of adequate capacity.  

APPLICABILITY: 

This schedule is applicable at the Company’s discretion to qualifying Commercial and Industrial customers 
who are participating in the Company’s Large Customer Owned Resiliency (LCOR) Program and who contract 
with  the  Company  to  provide,  upon  the  Company’s  request,  demand  reduction  through  a  dispatchable 
Distributed Energy Resource (DER) installed by the customer. Participating customers must enter a written 
LCOR Customer Agreement (LCOR Agreement) with the Company. Fixed Pricing Alternative (FPA), Electric 
Arc Furnace (EAF), Curtailable Load (CL), DER Demand Response Credit (DRC), and Demand Plus Energy 
Credit  (DPEC)  customers  are  not  eligible  for  this  schedule.  Time  of  Use  –  Supplier  Choice  (TOU-SC) 
customers are not eligible except for TOU-SC customers with an expected total peak demand of 100 MW or 
greater at one or more premises located on one tract or contiguous tracts of land and subject to a customer-
specific minimum billing requirement as referenced in Rule A.1 of the Company’s Rules and Regulations.  

LCOR will be offered periodically, as determined by the Company, to eligible customers. 

Three phase, 60 hertz, at a standard voltage. 

DESCRIPTION: 

TYPE OF SERVICE 

This  schedule  allows  participating  customers  to  receive  value  for  demand  reduction  achieved  through  a 
behind-the-meter DER installed under the LCOR program. Customers will reduce electric demand from the 
electric  system  through  operation  of  the  DER  during  periods  of  extreme  supply  and  demand  conditions, 
defined  as  a  Demand  Response  Event.  During  a  Demand  Response  Event,  the  Company  will  notify  the 
customer to provide demand reductions consistent with the terms outlined in the LCOR Customer Agreement. 
A Demand Response Event will take place when the Company notifies program participants to utilize their 
DER resource to serve all or a portion of their load, thereby removing that load from the electric system. A 
Demand Response Event will adhere to agreed-upon program parameters including, but not limited to, the 
frequency  and  duration  of  Demand  Response  Events,  contract  terms,  and  other  operational  elements,  as 
defined  in  the  LCOR  Agreement.  Use  cases  for  LCOR  may  vary  by  customer  site.  Therefore,  a  Demand 
Response Event could be called for system-wide capacity need, local constraints, or other purposes, as set 
forth  in  the  LCOR  Agreement.  Any  load  reduction  outside  of  a  specified  Demand  Response  Event  is  not 
included within this definition. The Company will endeavor to notify the customer at least 30 minutes prior to 
each time the customer must provide demand reductions under this schedule. 

Participating customers must enter a written LCOR Agreement with the Company, referencing this schedule. 
All  DER  technology  utilized  under  this  tariff  must  be  dispatchable,  have  a  firm  fuel  supply,  and  meet  the 
Company’s minimum technical requirements.   

DETERMINATION OF NON-FIRM DEMAND LEVEL, FIRM DEMAND LEVEL, AND CREDITS 

Non-Firm Demand Level (NDL) is the demand that the customer has available to reduce during a Demand 
Response Event. A Firm Demand Level (FDL) is the demand level that the customer’s measured demand 
cannot exceed during a Demand Response Event and for Real Time Pricing (RTP) customers, the FDL must 
be lower than the customer’s Customer Baseline Load (CBL), and the NDL must not exceed the contracted 
CBL demand. 

 
 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE: “LCOR-1” 

PAGE 
REVISION 
2 of 2  With Bills Rendered for the Billing Month of November, 2025  Original 

EFFECTIVE DATE 

PAGE NO. 
13.30 

The customer’s NDL and FDL shall be established in a separate LCOR Agreement with the Company. Credits 
will be provided to the customer based on the product of the NDL and Credit Value as specified in the LCOR 
Agreement. Such Credit Value will be determined based upon 75% of the levelized value of demand reduction 
derived from the Company’s capacity price forecast over the life  of  the contract  as identified in the LCOR 
Agreement.   

The NDL will be based on the customer’s total load shape over the course of a year and may be periodically 
adjusted by the Company if the customer’s total load shape varies from the original expected load shape. If 
the Company determines that an adjustment to the NDL is necessary, the Credit Value may also be adjusted 
by the Company. The contracted FDL may be adjusted at any time by mutual agreement of the customer and 
the Company. 

Customers subject to  minimum billing requirements  pursuant to General Rule  A.1  will  be  governed  by the 
terms and conditions included in those customer specific LCOR Agreements. 

COMPLIANCE INCENTIVE 

If  (i)  the  customer  does  not  comply  based  on  their  contractual  commitments  during  a  Demand  Response 
Event, (ii) the LCOR  Agreement  is terminated for any reason, or (iii) the customer fails to comply with the 
terms  and  conditions  of  this  schedule  or  the  LCOR  Agreement,  then  the  Company  may  (a)  enforce  a 
compliance  incentive,  and  (b)  interrupt  service  to  the  customer  from  the  Company’s  electric  system 
temporarily  to  achieve  the  required  demand  response.  The  LCOR  Agreement  will  establish  terms  for  the 
customer’s planned maintenance activities with respect to their DER. Specific terms for non-compliance will 
be outlined in the customer’s LCOR Agreement. 

If  the  Company  terminates  service  under  this  schedule,  the  compliance  incentive  may  be  enforced.  The 
compliance incentive includes immediate suspension of future value under this schedule and the customer 
will be billed for the difference in the net present value of credits provided to the customer and the demand 
response value received from the customer since the effective date of the LCOR Agreement. Additionally, the 
compliance incentive may include a replacement cost equal to the Company’s capacity price forecast for the 
term identified in the LCOR Agreement multiplied by the contracted NDL. 

LIMITS ON DEMAND REDUCTION 

Customers participating under this schedule will contract with the Company to provide a specific number of 
continuous demand response hours and maximum number of demand reductions per year as agreed to by 
the customer and the Company in the required LCOR Agreement. 

TERM OF SERVICE 

The term of service under this tariff will be specific to each participating customer and will be set forth in the 
applicable LCOR Agreement.  

GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS 

The charges and payments calculated under this schedule are subject to change in such an amount as may 
be amended and approved by the Georgia Public Service Commission (PSC). The Company reserves the 
right to terminate service under this schedule and to terminate any related LCOR Agreement, without penalty 
or further obligation of Company, if (i) LCOR is discontinued with the approval of the PSC, (ii) the participating 
customer  fails  to  meet  any  obligations  or  requirements  under  LCOR  or  the  related  LCOR  Agreement,  (iii) 
where  termination  is  otherwise  consistent  with  the  Georgia  Power  Company  Rules  and  Regulations  for 
Electric Service, or (iv) where otherwise deemed necessary by the Company. 

The credit calculated under this schedule is subject to change in such an amount as may be approved and/or 
amended by the PSC under the provisions of applicable riders and other schedules. 

 
 
 
