 
 
STATE OF INDIANA 
 
INDIANA UTILITY REGULATORY COMMISSION 
 
PETITION OF INDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT 
COMPANY D/B/A AES INDIANA (“AES INDIANA”) 
FOR AUTHORITY TO INCREASE RATES AND 
CHARGES FOR ELECTRIC UTILITY SERVICE, AND 
FOR APPROVAL OF RELATED RELIEF, INCLUDING 
(1) 
REVISED 
DEPRECIATION 
RATES, 
(2) 
ACCOUNTING RELIEF, INCLUDING DEFERRALS 
AND AMORTIZATIONS, (3) INCLUSION OF CAPITAL 
INVESTMENTS, 
(4) 
RATE 
ADJUSTMENT 
MECHANISM 
PROPOSALS, 
INCLUDING 
NEW 
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT RIDER, (5) REMOTE 
DISCONNECT/RECONNECT PROCESS, AND (6) NEW 
SCHEDULES OF RATES, RULES AND REGULATIONS 
FOR SERVICE 
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
) 
 
 
 
 
 
CAUSE NO. 45911 
 
 
APPROVED: 
 
ORDER OF THE COMMISSION 
 
Presiding Officers: 
Wesley R. Bennett, Commissioner 
David E. Veleta, Commissioner 
Greg S. Loyd, Administrative Law Judge 
 
On June 28, 2023, Indianapolis Power & Light Company d/b/a AES Indiana (“Petitioner” 
or “AES Indiana”) filed a Verified Petition with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission 
(“IURC” or “Commission”) seeking authority to increase its rates and charges for electric utility 
service and associated relief as discussed below.1 On June 28, 2023, Petitioner also filed its case-
in-chief, workpapers, and information required by the minimum standard filing requirements set 
forth at 170 IAC 1-5.  
 
The following witnesses provided testimony in support of AES Indiana’s case-in-chief:2  
 
• 
Kenneth J. Zagzebski, Senior Vice President, for AES Indiana and President, 
Utilities for AES US Services LLC (“AES Services”).3  
• 
Kimberly Aliff, Revenue Requirements Manager in Regulatory Affairs for AES 
Indiana. 
• 
Austin J. Baker, Analyst II, Regulatory Affairs for AES Indiana. 
• 
Vanessa Barbarisi, Director of Utility Transformation Strategy for AES Services. 
 
1 On May 26, 2023, AES Indiana provided its notice of intent to file a rate case in accordance with the Commission’s 
General Administrative Order 2013-5. 
2 Corrections to AES Indiana’s case-in-chief were filed on July 26, 2023, August 2, 2023, September 1, 8, and 19, 
2023, and October 10, 2023. 
3 Mr. Zagzebski was substituted for and adopted testimony initially prefiled by Petitioner witness Kristina Lund. 
Commissioner Yes 
No 
Not 
Participating 
Huston 
Freeman 
Bennett 
Veleta 
Ziegner 
√ 
√ 
√ 
√ 
√ 
ORIGINAL 
APR 17 2024
2 
 
• 
John Bigalbal, Chief Operating Officer, US Conventional Generation, AES 
Services. 
• 
Chadwick M. Bocook, Director of Maintenance, Inspections, Contract 
Management and Reliability Programs for AES Services. 
• 
Natalie Herr Coklow, Manager in Regulatory Accounting for AES Services. 
• 
Matthew J. Dalton, Director of Human Resources for AES Services. 
• 
Alexander J. Dickerson, Manager, Wholesale Energy for AES Indiana. 
• 
Eric Fox, Director, Forecast Solutions for Itron, Inc. 
• 
Paula M. Guletsky, Sargent & Lundy, L.L.C. Vice President and Project Director 
for AES Indiana. 
• 
Michael L. Holtsclaw, Director of Power Transmission Field Operations for AES 
Indiana. 
• 
Dustin J. Illyes, Treasurer of AES Services’ US Utilities and Conventional 
Generation. 
• 
Adrien M. McKenzie, President of Financial Concepts and Applications, Inc. 
• 
Nicholas M. Miller, Senior Manager, Regulatory Tax for AES US Utilities and 
Conventional Generation, AES Services. 
• 
Karin Nyhuis, Controller for AES US Utilities and US Conventional Generation, 
AES Services.4  
• 
Bickey Rimal, Assistant Vice President for Concentric Energy Advisors, Inc.  
• 
Hampton Matthew Roach, Senior Director, Benefits for AES Services. 
• 
Brent A. Robinson, Senior Accountant for AES Services. 
• 
John J. Spanos, President for Gannett Fleming Valuation and Rate Consultants, 
LLC. 
• 
Jim Staton, Economic Development Lead for AES Services. 
• 
Caleb Steiner, Director, Commercial Analytics & Strategy, US Utilities, AES 
Services. 
• 
Lauren Whitehead, General & Operational Accounting Manager for AES Services. 
 
Petitions to Intervene were filed by AES Indiana Industrial Group (“Industrial Group”), an 
ad hoc group of industrial customers;5 Citizens Action Coalition of Indiana, Inc. (“CAC”); The 
Kroger Company (“Kroger”); Walmart, Inc.; Rolls-Royce Corporation (“Rolls-Royce”); and the 
City of Indianapolis, Indiana (“City”). The Presiding Officers granted each of these petitions 
without objection. 
 
Public field hearings were held on August 24, 2023, and October 2, 2023, in Indianapolis, 
Indiana, the largest municipality in Petitioner’s service area. At the field hearings, members of the 
public made statements to the Commission under oath.  
 
 
On October 12, 2023, the OUCC and the above-named Intervenors filed their respective 
cases-in-chief. The OUCC provided testimony and attachments from the following witnesses: 
 
• 
Michael D. Eckert, Director of the OUCC Electric Division.  
 
4 Ms. Nyhuis was substituted for and adopted testimony initially prefiled by Petitioner’s witness Robert Osborn. 
5 The Industrial Group consists of Allison Transmission, Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Indiana University, Indiana 
University Health, Ingredion, Inc., Marathon Petroleum Company LP, and Messer LLC. 
3 
 
• 
Cynthia M. Armstrong, Assistant Director of the OUCC Electric Division. 
• 
Brittany L. Baker, Utility Analyst in the OUCC Electric Division. 
• 
Wes R. Blakley, OUCC Senior Utility Analyst. 
• 
Leja D. Courter, OUCC Chief Technical Advisor. 
• 
David E. Dismukes, Consulting Economist for Acadian Consulting Group. 
• 
David J. Garrett, Managing Member, Public Utility Regulation Consultant for 
Resolve Utility Consulting, PLLC. 
• 
John W. Hanks, Utility Analyst in the OUCC Electric Division. 
• 
Kaleb G. Lantrip, Utility Analyst in the OUCC Electric Division. 
• 
Brian R. Latham, Utility Analyst in the OUCC Electric Division.  
• 
Derek J. Leader, OUCC Utility Analyst. 
• 
April M. Paronish, Assistant Director of the OUCC Electric Division. 
• 
Roopali Sanka, Utility Analyst in the OUCC Electric Division. 
• 
Brian A. Wright, Utility Analyst II in the OUCC Electric Division. 
 
The Industrial Group provided testimony and attachments from the following witnesses: 
 
• 
Brian C. Andrews, Consultant and Associate, Brubaker & Associates, Inc. 
• 
James R. Dauphinais, Consultant and a Managing Principal, Brubaker & 
Associates, Inc. 
• 
Michael P. Gorman, Consultant and a Managing Principal, Brubaker & Associates, 
Inc. 
 
CAC prefiled the testimony and attachments of Benjamin Inskeep, Program Director for 
CAC.  
 
Kroger prefiled the testimony and attachments of Justin Bieber, Principal for Energy 
Strategies, LLC. 
 
Walmart provided testimony and attachments from Steve W. Chriss, Senior Director, 
Utility Partnerships for Walmart, and Alex J. Kronauer, Senior Manager, Utility Partnerships for 
Walmart. 
 
The City provided testimony and attachments from Ted Sommer, Certified Public 
Accountant for Sommer Consulting LLC.  
 
On November 8, 2023, the OUCC filed the cross-answering testimony of David E. 
Dismukes, the Industrial Group filed the cross-answering testimony of James R. Dauphinais, and 
the CAC filed the cross-answering testimony of Benjamin Inskeep. 
 
Also on November 8, 2023, AES Indiana filed rebuttal testimony, exhibits and workpapers 
for the following witnesses:  
 
• 
Kimberly Aliff. 
• 
Austin J. Baker. 
• 
Vanessa Barbarisi. 
4 
 
• 
Chadwick M. Bocook. 
• 
Natalie Herr Coklow. 
• 
Pilar Cuadra, Environmental Manager in AES Global Environmental Affairs for 
AES Services. 
• 
Matthew J. Dalton. 
• 
Brandi Davis-Handy, Chief Customer Officer, US Utilities for AES Services. 
• 
Alexander J. Dickerson. 
• 
Alan D. Felsenthal, a Certified Public Accountant and a Managing Director at 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
• 
Paula M. Guletsky. 
• 
Michael L. Holtsclaw. 
• 
Adrien M. McKenzie. 
• 
Nicholas M. Miller. 
• 
Bickey Rimal. 
• 
Brent A. Robinson. 
• 
John J. Spanos. 
• 
Jim Staton. 
• 
Caleb Steiner. 
• 
Lauren Whitehead. 
 
On November 22, 2023, AES Indiana, on behalf of itself, OUCC, Industrial Group, CAC, 
Kroger, Walmart, Rolls-Royce, and City (collectively, “Setting Parties”), filed a Joint Motion for 
Leave to File Settlement Agreement and Request for Settlement Hearing (“Joint Motion”). The 
Joint Motion informed the Commission that the parties had executed the attached Stipulation and 
Settlement Agreement (“Settlement Agreement”), which resolved all issues pending before the 
Commission in this proceeding. By Docket Entry dated November 28, 2023, the procedural 
schedule was revised to allow presentation of evidence in favor of the settlement on November 29, 
2023. 
 
On November 29, 2023, AES Indiana prefiled Chad Rogers’s settlement testimony and the 
OUCC prefiled Michael D. Eckert’s settlement testimony.  
 
The Commission issued a docket entry on December 14, 2023, requesting additional 
information from Petitioner, to which Petitioner responded on December 18, 2023. 
 
The Commission conducted an evidentiary hearing in Room 222 of the PNC Center 
beginning at 1:30 p.m. on December 19, 2023. At the evidentiary hearing, the Settlement 
Agreement and each party’s respective testimony and exhibits were admitted into the record 
without objection. The Commission questioned Petitioner Witness Rogers and OUCC witness 
Eckert during the hearing. 
 
The Commission, based upon the applicable law and the evidence, finds as follows: 
 
1. 
Notice and Jurisdiction. Due, legal and timely notice of all public hearings in this 
Cause were given and published as required by law. AES Indiana is a public utility as defined in 
Ind. Code § 8-1-2-1(a). Pursuant to Ind. Code §§ 8-1-2-42 and 8-1-2-42.7, the Commission has 
5 
 
jurisdiction over AES Indiana’s rates and charges for utility service. Therefore, the Commission 
has jurisdiction over Petitioner and the subject matter of this proceeding. 
 
2. 
Petitioner’s Organization and Business. AES Indiana is a public utility with its 
principal place of business located at One Monument Circle, Indianapolis, Indiana. AES Indiana 
is part of The AES Corporation, a US-based energy company with global operations. AES Services 
is the service company that supports AES Indiana and other AES affiliates. AES Services is also 
headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana.  
 
AES Indiana provides retail electric utility service to approximately 519,000 retail 
customers located principally in and near the City of Indianapolis, Indiana, and in portions of the 
following Indiana counties: Boone, Hamilton, Hancock, Hendricks, Johnson, Marion, Morgan, 
Owen, Putnam, and Shelby Counties.  
 
AES Indiana renders electric service by means of electric production, transmission and 
distribution plant, as well as general property, equipment and related facilities, including office 
buildings, service buildings, and other property, all of which are used and useful for the 
convenience of the public in the production, transmission, delivery and furnishing of electric 
energy, heat, light, and power. AES Indiana’s property is classified in accordance with the Uniform 
System of Accounts as prescribed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”) and 
approved and adopted by this Commission.  
 
AES Indiana is subject to the jurisdiction of FERC and is a member of the Midcontinent 
Independent System Operator, Inc. (“MISO”), a Regional Transmission Organization (“RTO”) 
operated under the authority of FERC, which controls the use of AES Indiana’s transmission 
system, as well as the dispatching of AES Indiana’s generating units. As a member of MISO, 
charges and credits are billed to AES Indiana for functional operation of the transmission system, 
management of the MISO markets, and general administration of the RTO.  
 
3. 
Existing Rates. AES Indiana’s current basic rates and charges were approved by 
the Commission in its Order in Cause No. 45029, based upon test year operating results for the 12 
months ended June 30, 2017, adjusted for fixed, known, and measurable changes. The petition 
initiating Cause No. 45029 was filed with the Commission on December 21, 2017. Indianapolis 
Power & Light Company, Cause No. 45029, 2018 WL 741643 *1 (IURC Oct. 31, 2018). Therefore, 
in accordance with Ind. Code § 8-1-2-42(a), more than 15 months has passed between AES 
Indiana’s last petition and the date AES Indiana filed its Petition in this Cause for a general increase 
in its basic rates and charges. 
 
4. 
Test Year and Rate Base Cutoff. As authorized by Ind. Code § 8-1-2-42.7(d), the 
test period in the current Cause is the 12 months ended December 31, 2022 (“Test Year”), adjusted 
for fixed, known, and measurable changes and appropriate normalizations and annualizations. The 
Test Year end, December 31, 2022, is the general rate base cutoff date. The cutoff date for the 
Major Project identified in AES Indiana’s Petition is November 24, 2023, as established by the 
Commission’s July 24, 2023 Docket Entry. 
 
6 
 
5. 
Relief Requested By AES Indiana. In its Verified Petition filed in this proceeding, 
AES Indiana requested the Commission approve an overall annual increase in revenues of 
approximately $134 million, representing an overall increase of 8.92%. AES Indiana also 
requested Commission approval of specific accounting and ratemaking relief, including new 
depreciation accrual rates and modifications to rate adjustment mechanisms, and approval of its 
proposed revenue allocation and rate design.  
 
6. 
Opposition, Cross-Answer, and Rebuttal. The OUCC and Intervenors presented 
numerous challenges to AES Indiana’s evidence, including challenging rate base, return on equity 
(“ROE”) and rate of return, operation and maintenance (“O&M”) expenses, depreciation rates, 
rider proposals, cost of service allocation, vegetation management, AES storm preparation and 
response, and rate design. The extent to which these parties disagreed with each other was 
addressed in the parties’ respective testimony and exhibits. In its rebuttal evidence, AES Indiana 
reduced the revenue deficiency to $122.9 million, which is an overall revenue increase of 8.36% 
and stated the extent to which Petitioner agreed or disagreed with the OUCC and Intervenors’ 
positions. 
 
7. 
Settlement Agreement. All parties of record in this Cause are signatories to the 
Settlement Agreement filed with the Commission on November 22, 2023, which resolves all 
pending issues in this Cause. The Settlement Agreement was admitted into the record as Joint 
Exhibit 1, is attached to this Order, and is incorporated by reference. The witnesses offering 
settlement testimony discussed the arm’s-length nature of the negotiations and efforts undertaken 
to reach an uncontested and balanced settlement that fairly resolves all issues in the case. We 
discuss the terms of the Settlement Agreement and supporting evidence below. 
 
 
Petitioner witness Rogers explained that, taken as a whole, the Settlement Agreement 
represents the result of arm’s-length negotiations by a diverse group of stakeholders with differing 
views on the issues raised in this Cause. He testified that the Settling Parties’ experts were involved 
with legal counsel in the development of both the conceptual framework and the details of the 
Settlement Agreement and that many hours were devoted by the Settling Parties to discussions, 
the collaborative exchange of information, and settlement negotiations. He contended the 
Settlement Agreement is in the public interest and reasonably resolves all issues in this docket 
without further expenditure of the time and resources of the Commission and the parties in the 
litigation of these matters.  
 
 
Similarly, OUCC witness Eckert testified that the Settlement Agreement was the product 
of intense negotiation, with each party offering compromise on challenging issues. Mr. Eckert said 
the nature of the compromise included assessing the litigation risk associated with a contested 
hearing. He stated that, given the number of benefits provided to ratepayers, as outlined in the 
Settlement Agreement and described in his settlement testimony, the Settlement Agreement 
balances the interests of ratepayers and AES Indiana. He added that the OUCC, as the statutory 
representative of all ratepayers, believes the Settlement Agreement is a fair resolution, supported 
by evidence, and should be approved. 
 
 
 
7 
 
Mr. Eckert testified the Settling Parties agreed to an annualized combined basic rate and 
rider revenue requirement increase of $72.9 million, an approximate $61.14 million reduction from 
AES Indiana’s proposed basic rates revenue requirement increase of $134.2 million set forth in its 
case-in-chief. He stated that after the execution of the Settlement Agreement, the revenue 
requirement was further reduced by approximately $1.9 million due to the capital cost update for 
the AES Customer Ecosystem (“ACE”) Project, for a total increase of approximately $71 million. 
Mr. Rogers stated, as a result of the Settlement Agreement and ACE Project capital cost update, 
the overall revenue increase from its current rate is 4.88%. Mr. Eckert testified the Settlement 
Agreement addresses the Five Pillars of Electricity Service outlined at Ind. Code §§ 8-1-2-0.5 and 
-0.6. Mr. Eckert explained residential electric customers will experience an overall bill increase of 
approximately $9.36 per month (7.2%), as opposed to the $17.49 increase (13.2%) AES Indiana 
proposed in its case-in-chief. 
 
 
While these witnesses testified to the reasonableness of the settlement package as a whole, 
they also offered additional perspective on the terms of the Settlement Agreement as discussed 
below. 
 
A. 
Revenue Requirement. 
 
i. 
ACE Project. The ACE Project is a “Major Project” as defined in 
170 IAC 1-5-1(l). Petitioner witness Vanessa Barbarisi explained the ACE Project creates a 
comprehensive customer information and data/operations management system to replace AES 
Indiana’s customer information system developed in 1997. She summarized the 1997 system’s 
shortcomings and the particular problems that indicate AES Indiana needs to modernize this 
system. She indicated AES Indiana’s estimate of the utility’s investment in the project to be $94 
million.  
 
The Industrial Group, OUCC, and CAC raised concerns about the ACE Project, which 
collectively included the project capital cost, annual O&M expenses, related “surge staffing,” and 
including the remaining balance of the legacy system in rate base. Mr. Inskeep of the CAC 
contended AES Indiana did not articulate what meaningful benefits customers will receive from 
this project. He recommended the Commission carefully scrutinize the purported benefits of this 
project and weigh them against the real cost burden associated with the ACE Project and disallow 
cost recovery for any costs that are not reasonable or prudent. 
 
The Settling Parties addressed this dispute through Section I.A.1.1 of the Settlement 
Agreement. This section sets forth the agreed-upon adjustments to the ACE Project related to 
legacy systems, which include removal of the $94,000 net book value legacy system assets from 
AES Indiana’s rate base, as well as a reduction in O&M costs of $140,547.  
 
Petitioner witness Rogers provided AES Indiana’s November 2023 Monthly Major Project 
Investment Update for the ACE Project (admitted as Petitioner Exhibit 44, Attachment CAR-1S), 
the utility’s final monthly investment update for this project. He testified that AES Indiana has 
updated the ACE Project capital cost to reflect a total capital cost of $83.9 million, as compared to 
$94.2 million presented in AES Indiana’s case-in-chief. He noted this is a decrease of 
approximately $10.2 million to the agreed upon rate base. He also stated that while the Settlement 
8 
 
Agreement accepted the $94.2 million, AES Indiana has updated the agreed revenue requirement 
to reflect the updated ACE Project amount as of the cut-off date. 
 
He explained the manner in which the updated ACE Project capital costs impacted the 
information set forth in the schedules attached to the Settlement Agreement as Attachments B 
through F. He sponsored updates to these attachments such that they reflect the Settlement 
Agreement terms and the final ACE Project capital costs; namely, Attachments CAR-2S (AES 
Indiana’s Financial Exhibit Schedules), CAR-3S (agreed revenue allocation), CAR-4S (demand 
factors which will be utilized in AES Indiana’s rate adjustment mechanisms after an Order in this 
Cause), CAR-5S (allocation factors), and CAR-6S (metered rates and lighting rates). 
 
Mr. Rogers explained Section I.A.1.3 of the Settlement Agreement addresses the 
adjustment to amortization of non-recurring O&M and surge staffing to be amortized over four 
years, resulting in a reduction to O&M expense of $3.0 million; when combined with the removal 
of the legacy system O&M discussed above, the total is $3.2 million. 
 
ii. 
Amortizations and Rate Case Expense. Schedule RB9 attached to 
Petitioner’s Exhibit 45 set forth AES Indiana’s originally proposed amortization periods for its 
regulatory assets. OUCC witness Blakely recommended the COVID-19 regulatory asset and the 
projects listed in Table 1 of his direct testimony be amortized over four years, which he said is the 
average length of AES Indiana’s last two rate case Orders. Mr. Rogers explained that the Settling 
Parties incorporated this recommendation into Section I.A.2. This change reduces AES Indiana’s 
related amortization expense from $35.9 million to $33.3 million. 
 
Petitioner witness Robinson set forth the utility’s $4,985,000 projected pro forma rate case 
expense estimate, to be amortized over three years. CAC witness Inskeep recommended the 
Commission deny this entire amount, arguing that included costs were unsubstantiated or 
unreasonable. Through Settlement Agreement Section I.A.2.3, the Settling Parties agreed upon a 
rate case expense of $3.0 million and that this expense will be amortized over four years.  
 
iii. 
Cost of Capital. Sections I.A.3.1 through I.A.3.4 of the Settlement 
Agreement address three elements of capital costs: AES Indiana’s ROE, the inclusion of AES 
Indiana’s prepaid pension asset as part of its capital structure, and the rate of return on AES 
Indiana’s original cost rate base.  
 
a. 
Return 
on 
Equity. 
Petitioner 
witness 
McKenzie 
recommended an ROE of 10.6%, which he said would compensate Petitioner’s investors, while 
maintaining Petitioner’s financial integrity and ability to attract capital on reasonable terms. The 
OUCC and Intervenors provided testimony opposing AES Indiana’s proposed ROE and 
recommended an ROE between 9.0% and 9.4%. The Settling Parties agreed in Settlement 
Agreement Section I.A.3.1 that AES Indiana’s ROE will be 9.9%, which Mr. Rogers said is a 
reduction to the ROE that the Commission authorized in AES Indiana’s last basic rate case and is 
within the range of evidence presented by the Settling Parties. 
 
 
 
9 
 
Mr. Eckert noted the 9.9% agreed upon ROE is also lower than the 10.6% ROE proposed 
as part of AES Indiana’s case-in-chief. He said the 9.9% ROE more accurately reflects AES 
Indiana’s risk profile than Petitioner’s proposed 10.6% ROE. He further testified that the agreed 
reduction from Petitioner’s requested ROE promotes affordability by reducing AES Indiana’s 
requested return by $14.88 million. Mr. Eckert said the compromised rate of 9.9% is reasonable 
and in the interests of ratepayers while still preserving the financial integrity of AES Indiana. 
 
b. 
Prepaid Pension Asset. Petitioner witness Roach testified 
that AES Indiana sought to include the full prepaid pension asset, net of the other postemployment 
benefits liability, of $166.2 million in the cost of capital calculation. The Industrial Group argued 
that the pension asset was not investor sourced and therefore should not be included in Petitioner’s 
capital structure. Mr. Rogers stated Section I.A.3.2 of the Settlement Agreement reflects a 
compromise in which the Settling Parties agreed to lower the prepaid pension asset value by $35.1 
million to $131.1 million.  
 
c. 
Rate of Return. Petitioner initially proposed a capital 
structure that consisted of 49.52% long-term debt, 44.99% common equity, 0.81% customer 
deposits, (3.82%) prepaid pension asset, and 8.80% deferred income taxes. Petitioner also 
proposed a 10.6% cost of equity, which would result in a weighted average cost of capital 
(“WACC”) of 7.22%. The OUCC advocated for a 9.1% cost of equity, which resulted in the OUCC 
recommending a WACC of 7.54%. 
 
Through Section I.A.3.4 of the Settlement Agreement, and upon application of the 9.9% 
ROE and incorporating the $131.1 million prepaid pension asset discussed above, the Settling 
Parties agreed upon a WACC of 6.85%. Mr. Rogers provided the following table showing the 
agreed-upon capital structure and WACC: 
 
Description 
Total AES 
Indiana 
Capitalization 
(thousands of 
dollars) 
Percent 
Of 
Total 
Cost 
Rate 
Weighted 
Cost 
Rate 
Long-Term Debt 
$ 2,153,036 
49.15% 
4.90% 
2.41% 
Preferred Stock 
$ - 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Common Equity 
$ 1,943,109 
44.36% 
9.90% 
4.39% 
Customer Deposits 
$ 35,097 
0.80% 
6.00% 
0.05% 
Prepaid Pension Asset (net of OPEB 
liability) 
$ (133,100) 
(3.04)% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Deferred Income Taxes 
$ 382,560 
8.73% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Post 1970 ITC 
$ 24 
0.00% 
7.28% 
0.00% 
Totals 
$ 4,380,726 
100.00% 
 
6.85% 
 
Combined with the reduced ACE Project value, this results in an agreed-upon net operating income 
of $235,972,000. 
 
10 
 
iv. 
Depreciation Rates and Expense. AES Indiana proposed a 
depreciation accrual amount of $225,043,786 based upon its use of the equal life group (“ELG”) 
depreciation methodology. The OUCC recommended a $170,919,106 accrual amount and the 
Industrial Group recommended a $200,148,786 accrual amount based, in part, upon their use of 
the average life group (“ALG”) methodology.  
 
Mr. Rogers stated Section I.A.4 of the Settlement Agreement accepts the OUCC and 
Industrial Group’s proposal to utilize the ALG methodology for depreciation rates. He said this 
change results in a reduction to depreciation expense of $24.8 million. Petitioner Exhibit 44, 
Attachment CAR-9S contains the depreciation rates calculated under the ALG procedure which 
the Commission is requested to approve. Mr. Eckert stated the reduction in depreciation expense 
using the agreed ALG methodology reduces the revenue increase, protecting affordability. 
 
v. 
IURC Fee and Revenue Conversion Factor. AES Indiana initially 
proposed a public utility fee assessment factor of 0.1163% as part of its case-in-chief. AES Indiana 
and the OUCC agreed that this rate was subsequently changed to 0.1468%. Section I.A.5 of the 
Settlement Agreement provides that the IURC Fee rate of $0.001468 will be used to determine the 
IURC Fee and the revenue conversion factor for pro forma present and proposed rates as reflected 
in Attachment B to the Settlement Agreement. 
 
vi. 
Major Storms.  
 
a. 
Major Storm Damage and Restoration Reserve and 
Major Storm Regulatory Liability. In Cause No. 45029, the Commission approved the creation 
of a Major Storm Damage Restoration Reserve account. Petitioner witness Aliff said AES Indiana 
anticipated that, with no other major storm activity, as of December 31, 2023, there would be a 
credit balance of $6.1 million in the Major Storm Regulatory Liability account, which AES Indiana 
proposed to amortize over three years. In addition, AES Indiana proposed to continue recording 
one-twelfth of the $1.9 million average of the pro forma Level 3 & 4 storm expense as a monthly 
Major Storm Expense. Section I.A.6.1 of the Settlement Agreement reflects the Settling Parties’ 
agreement to continue the Major Storm Damage and Restoration Reserve and to reflect the Major 
Storm Regulatory Liability account $6.1 million credit balance in rates. Mr. Eckert explained the 
continuation of the Major Storm Damage and Restoration Reserve addresses the problem for 
ratemaking that occurs because the timing, frequency, and amount of potential damage from major 
storms is unpredictable. 
 
b. 
Storm Damage Recovery Procedure and Response. Mr. 
Eckert testified that storms on June 29, June 30, and July 2, 2023, impacted the AES Indiana 
service area. Mr. Eckert indicated that according to AES Indiana, the June 29 storm caused 
significant damage to AES Indiana’s overhead distribution lines and caused 98,380 customers to 
lose service. He said the OUCC and CAC filed a Joint Petition for Commission Investigation 
(“Joint Petition”) through which they requested the Commission open an investigation into AES 
Indiana’s response to the June 29 storm. Mr. Eckert stated the Joint Petition remains pending in 
Cause No. 45917. In the current Cause, he raised concerns as to whether AES Indiana (1) requested 
assistance from all available storm restoration services, (2) properly notified its customers on a 
timely basis through appropriate communication methods, and (3) provided accurate information 
11 
 
to the Commission about the situation. He reiterated the request set forth in the Joint Petition for 
an investigation into AES Indiana’s storm response. 
 
Mr. Eckert noted 170 IAC 4-1-23(b)(1) requires investor-owned utilities to report any 
unplanned interruption in service that lasts at least two hours and affects 2% or 5,000 customers 
(whichever is fewer). This regulation requires the utility to continue reporting on the outage until 
service has been restored to the lesser of 2% or 5,000 customers. 
 
He stated the OUCC recommended lowering AES Indiana’s 5,000 customer outage 
reporting threshold to 1,000. He also recommended Petitioner continue such reporting until the 
last customer is connected. He said such an approach would allow for a more accurate and 
comprehensive evaluation of future storm events by the Commission and the OUCC. 
 
 
In rebuttal, AES Indiana witness Holtsclaw described AES Indiana’s storm response. He 
said the company deployed 104 line crews, which is the most it had deployed for this level of storm 
in eight years. Mr. Holtsclaw noted other utilities were using mutual assistance to repair damage 
and that if AES Indiana had requested and received such assistance, this would have hampered 
repair work elsewhere. He explained why utility personnel believed they had sufficient crews to 
address the June 29 storm damage and therefore did not formally request mutual assistance. Mr. 
Holtsclaw also reviewed AES Indiana’s storm communication plan and such communications 
relating to the June 29 storm specifically, as well as AES Indiana’s outage reporting to the 
Commission. 
 
Mr. Holtsclaw said AES Indiana agreed to lower its outage threshold to begin reporting 
from 5,000 customers to 1,000 customers. He stated AES Indiana disagreed with the OUCC that 
reporting should continue until electricity to the last customer has been restored; rather, he said 
AES Indiana proposed continuing to report until less than 1,000 customers remain without power. 
 
 
Mr. Holtsclaw further testified on rebuttal that the investigation in Cause No. 45917 is not 
warranted nor needed. In support, he argued that AES Indiana’s response to the June 29 storm was 
equal to or better than the response provided by other utilities, as evidenced by a comparison of 
storm response information other utilities provided at a September 28, 2023 technical conference 
regarding their respective response. In particular, he noted that the priorities used to guide each 
utility’s overall restoration efforts were the same. He stated there was no justification why any one 
of these utilities should be singled out for investigation. 
 
Through Settlement Agreement Section I.A.6.2, the Settling Parties agreed to lower the 
threshold for AES Indiana to begin its 170 IAC 4-1-23(b)(1) reporting to 2,500 customers and for 
the utility to continue reporting on these outages until its customer interruptions drop to zero 
customers. Through the Settlement Agreement, AES Indiana agreed to meet with the OUCC and 
other interested Settling Parties to collaborate on any additional modifications to AES Indiana’s 
storm reporting requirements and/or related procedures and will a submit a report under this Cause 
of any resulting recommendations to the Commission within 90 days of a Commission Order 
approving this Settlement Agreement. 
 
 
12 
 
vii. 
Non-Outage O&M. AES Indiana initially proposed to adjust non-
outage generation test year O&M by removing $1.3 million related to the Eagle Valley extended 
outage, pursuant to the Cause No. 38703 FAC 133 S1 Settlement Agreement, and $12.2 million 
for the Petersburg Unit 2 actual costs because the unit is now retired. OUCC witness Cynthia 
Armstrong agreed with AES Indiana’s rationale for removing these costs. Mr. Rogers explained 
the Settling Parties agreed to the Non-Outage O&M expense as proposed in Petitioner’s Exhibit 
45, Schedule OM-7. 
 
viii. 
Other Operating Expense Adjustments. Petitioner’s Exhibit 45, 
AES Indiana Financial Exhibit AESI-OPER, Schedules OM1, OM6, OM9, OM22, and OM26, 
detail certain expenses that were included in AES Indiana’s pro forma adjustments. CAC witness 
Inskeep argued against the inclusion of trade, social, service membership association dues, 
charitable and civic contributions, and expenses for the utility’s sponsorship and promotional 
advertising, totaling approximately $1.1 million.  
 
Mr. Rogers stated Section I.A.8 of the Settlement Agreement reduces operating expenses 
from AES Indiana’s original proposal by $2.3 million to reflect a negotiated compromise of 
disputed operating expense issues, including, but not limited to, CAC witness Inskeep’s testimony 
regarding membership costs. This adjustment is reflected in Joint Exhibit 1, CAR-2S, Schedule 
OM22-S-R. Mr. Eckert stated the adjustments to Other Operating Expense promote affordability 
and reduce AES Indiana’s requested revenue requirement. 
 
ix. 
Payroll Expenses. AES Indiana proposed in its case-in-chief to 
increase its payroll expense by $17,716,000 for increased payroll rates, compensation, and AES 
Services charges. OUCC witness Latham disputed AES Indiana’s assumptions and calculations to 
determine its payroll increases and recommended a $1,644,376 payroll expense adjustment. 
 
Section I.A.9 of the Settlement Agreement lowers AES Indiana’s Wage Expense and 
Payroll Tax Expense by $3.8 million. This reduction is reflected in Joint Exhibit 1, Attachment 
CAR 2-S, Schedules OM15-S-R (lines 1 and 2) and Schedule OTX3-S-R (lines 1 and 2). He 
asserted this term is within the range of competing evidence presented on this issue. Mr. Eckert 
testified the agreed reduction in payroll expenses will benefit ratepayers and is in the public 
interest.  
 
x. 
Petersburg Units 1 and 2 Regulatory Asset. Petersburg Units 1 
and 2 were retired in May 2021 and May 2023, respectively. The Commission, through its 
November 17, 2021 Order in Cause No. 45502, permitted AES Indiana to record regulatory assets 
for these units. Through that Order, the Commission also authorized AES Indiana to recover the 
unamortized balance in its next rate case. AES Indiana proposed a combined regulatory asset 
balance of $287.4 million for these units and to use a declining balance recovery methodology to 
recover the Petersburg regulatory asset. Industrial Group witness Gorman argued that AES Indiana 
overstated the unrecovered balances of the regulatory assets and recommended a $9.2 million 
reduction in the regulatory asset balance to $278.2 million. He also argued in favor of a levelized 
asset recovery procedure, instead of a declining balance methodology. Mr. Gorman also 
recommended an adjustment of the regulatory asset to reflect the continued build-up of 
accumulated depreciation and reduction to the net book value of these units and recovery of 
13 
 
depreciation expense for Petersburg Units 1 and 2 that is built into current rates, until the time the 
rates established in this proceeding take effect. 
 
Section I.A.10 of the Settlement Agreement reflects the Settling Parties’ resolution to these 
issues. Messrs. Rogers and Eckert said the Settling Parties agreed to reduce the regulatory asset 
balance for Units 1 and 2 by $4.152 million. Mr. Rogers said pursuant to Section I.A.10.2, these 
regulatory assets will be amortized through the revenue requirement as proposed by AES Indiana. 
The adjustments to Petersburg Units 1 and 2 rate base and amortization are reflected on Joint 
Exhibit 1, Attachment CAR-2S, Schedule RB-9S-R, Page 3, Lines 21 and 22. 
 
xi. 
Materials and Supplies. AES Indiana proposed to remove 100% of 
seasonal nitrogen oxide (“NOx”) allowance expense ($0.9 million) from the test year and to track 
any future seasonal NOx allowance purchases or sales through the environmental compliance cost 
recovery adjustment. OUCC witness Armstrong agreed with AES Indiana’s proposal to remove 
this expense because (1) AES Indiana’s seasonal NOx emissions are likely to be lower than the 
zero cost allowances allocated to its generating units annually and (2) AES Indiana’s annual 
emissions should decrease further as the Petersburg coal units are retired or converted to natural 
gas. 
 
Section I.A.11 of the Settlement Agreement adopted AES Indiana’s proposal to remove the 
NOx allowance expense and to remove the associated emission allowance inventory of $648,000 
from the test year Materials and Supplies balance. This decrease is reflected in Joint Exhibit 1, 
Attachment CAR-2S, Schedule RB7-S-R (lines 1 through 14).  
 
xii. 
Remote Disconnect/Reconnect/Billing Format. Petitioner witness 
Baker testified that AES Indiana proposed to remotely disconnect and reconnect customers using 
its advanced metering infrastructure (“AMI”). Under this proposal, AES Indiana would utilize 
phone calls, text, or email messages to communicate final disconnect notices to residential 
customers instead of conducting an in-person, on-premises visit. OUCC witness Paronish raised 
concerns that some customers may not receive sufficient notice of an impending disconnection. 
CAC witness Inskeep raised issues about the impact of the proposal, particularly upon medically 
vulnerable customers. Ms. Paronish and Mr. Inskeep each described certain recommendations to 
address their respective concerns. 
 
Section I.A.12 includes terms setting forth an agreed-upon method for AES Indiana to 
notify its customers about the importance of maintaining current contact information and to inform 
its customers about the remote disconnect/reconnect program. The agreement designates the 
particular language AES Indiana is to use for such communications. The Settlement Agreement 
also lengthens the medical disconnection protection time for LIHEAP Qualified Participants who 
have a Medical Hold or a Medical Alert. The agreement also requires AES Indiana to offer to meet 
with the CAC and OUCC to collaborate regarding customer education/outreach and Petitioner’s 
procedures regarding the Medical Alert and Medical Hold Programs. Mr. Eckert testified the 
requirements in the Settlement Agreement will increase customer notifications with respect to the 
proposed remote disconnect and reconnect procedures. 
 
14 
 
AES Indiana will be required under the Settlement Agreement to perform an on-premises 
visit on the day of disconnect for customers in the Medical Alert and Medical Hold program, 
participants of the AMI opt-out program, customers who otherwise do not have an AMI meter, or 
customers who have not provided a phone number or email address. 
 
 
Settlement Agreement Section I.A.12.5 prohibits AES Indiana from disconnecting service 
for any residential customer on Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays, and the following holidays: New 
Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, Friday after 
Thanksgiving Day, December 24, and Christmas Day. 
 
The Settlement Agreement also sets the fee for remote disconnection at zero dollars and 
the fee for remote reconnection at three dollars. The Settlement Agreement also states that AES 
Indiana will waive, once in a rolling 12-month period, the manual disconnection and manual or 
remote reconnection fees of a LIHEAP Qualified Participant. 
 
xiii. 
Riders. 
 
a. 
Environmental Cost Recovery Rider. AES Indiana 
initially proposed an $18.4 million benchmark (the average of the annual forecasted consumable 
cost for 2023 and 2024) for ammonia, coal combustion products, limestone and other chemicals 
attributable to retail sales that are included in the test year expense. OUCC witness Armstrong 
recommended reducing AES Indiana’s proposed consumables cost to $15.523 million by 
excluding 2023 forecasted consumables attributed to Petersburg Unit 2 operations due to the unit’s 
retirement. Mr. Steiner stated in rebuttal that AES Indiana agreed to Ms. Armstrong’s 
recommendation. 
 
CAC witness Inskeep noted that AES Indiana included coal ash as a consumable. He 
opposed AES Indiana’s proposal to dispose of a confidentially designated amount of coal ash in 
coal mines because he said this manner of disposal may not adequately protect human health and 
the environment. As such, he recommended the Commission disallow all costs associated with 
disposing coal ash at any coal mine that does not permanently and safely store the coal ash in a 
manner that would prevent leaching and contamination of toxic coal ash. 
 
The Settling Parties agreed through Section I.A.13.2 to remove test year emissions 
allowance costs and to track these costs through the environmental cost recovery rider. The Settling 
Parties further agreed through Section I.A.13.1 to lower consumables costs embedded in base rate 
revenue requirement by $2.9 million. Mr. Rogers said this is consistent with the testimony of 
OUCC witness Armstrong.  
 
b. 
Economic 
Development. 
Petitioner 
proposed 
the 
establishment of Rider 27, which would provide a temporary reduction in its AES Indiana charges 
to large commercial and industrial (“C&I”) customers (specifically, those receiving service from 
the company under Rates SL, PL, PH, and HL) who bring material economic development to AES 
Indiana’s service territory. The purpose of the Rider is to improve AES Indiana’s competitiveness 
in supporting economic development and encouraging growth in the communities the utility 
serves. 
15 
 
 
No party opposed the establishment of this Rider, but Industrial Group witness Dauphinais 
recommended Petitioner prepare and present a definitive mechanism for calculating the discount 
for participating customers. Similarly, the OUCC recommended AES Indiana develop a policy 
guide to inform its decisions regarding the Rider. The OUCC also recommended AES Indiana 
provide annual reports to the Commission and OUCC documenting the rider’s cost-effectiveness, 
the names and business sectors of the customers utilizing the rider, and the provided incentive 
amounts. 
 
Through Section I.A.13.2, the Settling Parties agreed to AES Indiana’s proposed Economic 
Development Rider, subject to the requirement that prior to implementation, AES Indiana provide 
the OUCC and CAC a copy of its internal policy manual outlining the criteria that will be used to 
determine the discount for qualifying customers consistent with the Evaluation Criteria in the 
Economic Development Rider included as part of Petitioner Exhibit 4, Attachment AJB-2. Further, 
AES Indiana agreed to report annually to the Commission, OUCC, and CAC the name of 
customers receiving service under the Economic Development Rider, and the provided incentive 
amount, subject to the protection of confidential information from disclosure. 
 
c. 
Fuel Adjustment Clause (“FAC”). AES Indiana initially 
proposed that its base cost of fuel be set at $0.041479 per kilowatt hour (“kWh”). Mr. Eckert 
testified that this cost of fuel was too high given market conditions. He explained his rationale that 
the base cost of fuel should be set at $0.039027 per kWh, a calculation that AES Indiana accepted 
through its rebuttal testimony. Through Section I.A.13.3, the Settling Parties adopted the 
$0.039027 per kWh base cost of fuel. This update reflects a fuel cost reduction of approximately 
$31.9 million compared to Petitioner’s direct testimony, which results in a decrease to Petitioner’s 
revenue requirement of $32.099 million.  
 
The Settling Parties, through Section 13.3.3. of the Settlement Agreement, extended the 
agreement between AES Indiana and the OUCC in which the OUCC and Intervenors in FAC cases 
are to file their testimony and report within 35 days of AES Indiana filing its application and 
testimony. Mr. Eckert explained that a 35-day review period is necessary to provide the OUCC 
with adequate time to review AES Indiana’s quarterly FAC filings and issue appropriate discovery 
to evaluate and address issues, as needed. He said the OUCC has 35-day agreements with all five 
Indiana investor-owned electric utilities in their respective FAC proceedings. 
 
d. 
Lakefield Purchase Power Agreement. Mr. Rogers 
explained that through Section I.A.13.3.2, the Settling Parties agreed to AES Indiana’s proposal to 
move the Lakefield Purchase Power Agreement adjustment from the utility’s FAC to its Off-
System Sales (“OSS”) Rider. He explained that once this transition is accomplished, all OSS 
margins will be reflected in the OSS Rider, which would simplify the OSS and FAC calculations. 
OUCC witness Eckert did not oppose this change.  
 
e. 
Off-System Sales, Capacity, and Regional Transmission 
Organization Riders. Mr. Rogers stated Settlement Agreement Sections I.A.13.4.1 through 
I.A.13.4.3 adopt AES Indiana’s proposals regarding its Off-System Sales, Capacity, and Regional 
Transmission Organization Riders. These proposals, all of which the OUCC supported, included:  
16 
 
 
• A $28.6 million benchmark for AES Indiana’s Off-System Sales Margin in Rider 
26 based upon the five-year historical average annual MWh attributable to OSS as 
the sales quantity and a forward looking $/MWh margin to value the OSS MWh; 
• An increase to AES Indiana’s capacity cost benchmark embedded in basic rates to 
$19 million due to significant changes in the MISO capacity construct and 
accreditation methodology; and 
• A change to the base amount of AES Indiana’s MISO non-fuel costs and revenues 
used to calculate the RTO charge or credit to $35.8 million and $3.6 million, 
respectively. 
 
f. 
Interruptible Demand Response. AES Indiana has five 
interruptible tariff riders, three of which are unused (Riders 15, 18, and 23) and the other two only 
have a handful of participants (Riders 14 and 17). AES Indiana proposed to consolidate all of these 
Riders into a new, general offering—Interruptible Demand Response (Rider 19), which would 
serve as a mechanism for AES Indiana to enter into interruptible demand response contracts with 
customers with at least 100 kilowatts (“kW”) of interruptible demand. CAC witness Inskeep raised 
three issues regarding AES Indiana’s proposal: (1) the lack of a stated rate or amount per kilowatt 
payment to customers for participation in Rider 19; (2) the eligibility for aggregation; and (3) the 
potential for additional unknown programmatic requirements or conditions that may deter 
participation. 
 
 
In Section I.A.13.5, the Settling Parties agreed to approval of the utility’s proposed Rider 
19, modified to expand customer class eligibility to include rates PH, SH, and SS and to allow 
aggregation of smaller commercial customers with demand less than the 100 kW minimum. The 
agreement further provides that AES Indiana will collaborate with the Demand-Side Management 
(“DSM”) Oversight Board on adding a minimum dollar per kilowatt value for the rate in Rider 19 
and expanding terms and conditions of participation as part of the next DSM Plan. Messrs. Rogers 
and Eckert explained that while rate RS will not be included in Rider 19 as part of this Settlement, 
AES Indiana will continue to include a residential demand response aggregation program proposal 
for rate RS customers so that these customers may participate in Rider 19 in the broader Request 
for Proposals that AES Indiana is working to issue in 2023 to facilitate development of its next 
DSM Plan. Messrs. Rogers and Eckert explained that to the extent the DSM Oversight Board finds 
adding rate RS to Rider 19 is a viable option, in AES Indiana’s DSM Plan proceeding to be initiated 
in 2024, AES Indiana will report on this collaboration, present recommendations, and Rider 19 
will be updated as necessary as part of that proceeding. 
 
xiv. 
AES Services Agreement. AES Services provides accounting, 
legal, human resources, information technology, supply chain, physical security, and other similar 
services to AES Indiana. AES Indiana compensates AES Services for the costs required to provide 
this work. AES Services billed AES Indiana $5.8 million during the test year for these services. 
OUCC witness Lantrip recommended the Commission approve these costs, subject to the 
requirement that Petitioner update the Commission and OUCC as to the status of the service 
agreement remaining in place beyond the beginning of January 2024. 
 
 
17 
 
Through Section I.A.14, the Settling Parties agreed AES Indiana’s Adjustment OM23, 
subject to the requirement that AES Indiana update the Commission and Settling Parties on the 
status of the service agreement remaining in place beyond the beginning of January 2024. Mr. 
Rogers stated in his settlement testimony that the extended service agreement was filed with the 
Commission on November 28, 2023.  
 
xv. 
Vegetation Management. AES Indiana witness Bocook stated 
vegetation is the single leading cause of outages at AES Indiana. AES Indiana proposed a pro 
forma adjustment to vegetation management cost in the amount of $10.2 million, increasing these 
costs to $25.2 million. He said this increase is driven primarily by increases in contractor labor 
costs, AES Indiana’s plan to remove overhanging vegetation for a 15-foot box specification, and 
an increase in the number of miles each year for circuit maintenance such that the company would 
annually perform maintenance on approximately a quarter of its total overhead line miles. An AES 
Indiana study of its 2022 trimming practices showed that removing overhang vegetation reduced 
interrupted customer minutes by 20%, as compared to a 15-foot box trim, viewed one year after 
each trim. 
 
The OUCC, Industrial Group, and CAC offered testimony that AES Indiana’s proposed pro 
forma adjustment was excessive. The OUCC recommended a pro forma adjustment of $3,858,427, 
for a total pro forma distribution expense of $18,891,120. The Industrial Group recommended that 
the vegetation management reserve be set to a level above the 2022 test year that reflects a 5.0% 
escalation to account for inflation and other cost increases. He stated this adjustment lowers 
Petitioner’s proposed revenue requirement by approximately $8.7 million. 
 
The Settling Parties agreed, through Section I.A.15 of the Settlement Agreement, to embed 
$25 million in basic rates for vegetation management and continue the mechanism established in 
Cause No. 45029 to address any cumulative shortfall in annual expenditures for vegetation 
management costs on AES Indiana’s distribution facilities relative to the amount embedded in 
basic rates. Any such shortfall will be deferred. That deferral mechanism serves as a cap and no 
amounts spent above the amount embedded in base rates on a cumulative basis will be deferred. 
In AES Indiana’s subsequent base rate case, any balance in the established and continued 
regulatory liability will be amortized into the cost of service as a credit to the retail revenue 
requirement.  
 
Mr. Rogers stated this provision supports Petitioner’s ongoing effort to address the 
vegetation management plan and maintain or advance service reliability. Mr. Eckert testified that 
AES Indiana’s proposed Vegetation Management Program and the associated proposed Vegetation 
Management expense amount of $25 million is one aspect of the Settlement Agreement that will 
address the reliability, resiliency, and stability pillars of Ind. Code § 8-1-2-0.6. 
 
xvi. 
Additional Points. Mr. Rogers stated the terms of Section I.A.16 
addresses rate implementation, interest synchronization, and revenue requirement matters not 
addressed elsewhere. The Settlement Agreement provides that AES Indiana will provide $50,000 
in 2024 to help fund the Power of Change Program and the Indiana Community Action 
Association. The Settlement Agreement provides that AES Indiana’s revenue deficiency will not 
be adjusted to include this contribution. 
18 
 
 
B. 
Cost of Service, Rate Design, and Other Issues. 
 
i. 
Residential Customer Charge. AES Indiana proposed to increase 
its monthly residential charge for small customers (customers using less than 325 kWh/month) 
from $12.31 to $16.50 and for large customers (customers using more than 325 kWh/month) from 
$16.75 to $25.00. OUCC witness Dismukes provided his residential customer charge 
recommendation in Attachment DED-13 to Public’s Exhibit 12. Mr. Inskeep of the CAC 
recommended that the Commission limit the customer charge increase to $13.22 and replace the 
current residential volumetric declining block rates by a flat variable charge. 
 
Mr. Rogers stated Section I.B.l of the Settlement Agreement presents the agreed-upon 
residential fixed, monthly customer charges. Mr. Eckert provided the following comparison of the 
current residential customer charge, the charge amount proposed in AES Indiana’s case-in-chief, 
and the agreed upon charge: 
 
Customer Charge 
Description 
Current Customer 
Charge 
AES Indiana 
Proposed Customer 
Charge 
Settled Customer 
Charge 
Bills of 0-325 
kWh/month 
$12.31 
$16.50 
$12.50 
Bills Over 325 
kWh/month 
$16.75 
$25.00 
$17.00 
 
Mr. Rogers said these increases return the respective rates to the amounts originally 
approved in Cause No. 45029 as the originally approved amounts had been decreased to reflect 
the removal of the utility receipts tax. 
 
ii. 
Declining Block Rate. Petitioner witness Bickey Rimal testified 
that AES Indiana’s proposed rates included the existing declining-block rate structure for 
residential and small commercial customers. Ms. Rimal testified that the rates per kWh for the 
residential (RS) class are higher for the first 500 kWh and lower for amounts over 500 kWh. She 
added that residential water heating (RC) and space heating (RH) customers also are eligible for a 
lower third block for consumption over 1,000 kWh in a month. Ms. Rimal explained that small 
commercial (SS) customers will be charged a higher rate for the first 5,000 kWh consumed each 
month and a lower rate will be charged for amounts over 5,000 kWh. Ms. Rimal and CAC witness 
Inskeep disagreed on whether demand-related costs are appropriately recovered through declining 
volumetric rates. 
 
Mr. Rogers stated Section I.B.2 addresses the agreed-upon adjustment to Petitioner’s 
declining block energy rates. The Settlement Agreement provides the following: 
 
 
 
 
 
19 
 
kWh 
AES Initial Proposal 
Settlement 
First 500 kWh per month 
$0.132688 
$0.125583 
Over 500 kWh per month 
$0.117223 
$0.113985 
With electric heating and/or 
water heating over 1000 kWh 
$0.104809 
$0.101571 
 
Mr. Rogers contended this provision is consistent with the testimony of Petitioner witness 
Rimal and reasonably addresses concerns raised by the CAC and OUCC regarding the fixed 
customer charge. 
 
iii. 
Residential Late Payment Charge. CAC witness Inskeep argued 
that AES Indiana should eliminate or reduce its late payment charge based on affordability 
concerns. Petitioner witness Baker testified the CAC’s recommendation does not take into account 
cost-causation principles with respect to disconnection and reconnection charges. Mr. Rogers and 
Mr. Eckert explained Section I.B.3 of the Settlement Agreement provides that once in a rolling 12-
month period, Petitioner will waive the late payment charge on a delinquent bill, provided payment 
is tendered no later than the last date for payment of the net amount in the next month’s bill. Both 
witnesses indicated this is one of several provisions agreed upon as part of the settlement package 
to benefit residential customers. 
 
iv. 
LIHEAP Customer Deposit. Based on affordability concerns, 
CAC witness Inskeep recommended AES Indiana reduce its security deposit for LIHEAP 
customers to $50. Mr. Rogers and Mr. Eckert explained Section I.B.4 of the Settlement Agreement 
limits deposits for residential service and deposits for current customers who are LIHEAP 
Qualified Participants to $50. 
 
v. 
Excess Distributed Generation Reporting. Mr. Inskeep testified 
that AES Indiana is not currently required to identify the monthly additions of the number of 
customers and capacity by type of customer (residential vs. non-residential) participating in the 
company’s Excess Distributed Generation tariff or Small Power Production tariff. Mr. Inskeep said 
that without adequate data, it is not possible to understand critical trends in customer adoption of 
distributed generation or basic information such as the total number of participating customers and 
capacity. 
 
Section I.B.5 of the Settlement Agreement provides that AES Indiana will provide certain 
additional data as part of the annual performance metrics reporting in Cause Nos. 44576 and 
44602. Specifically, AES Indiana agreed to provide data on Excess Distributed Generation tariff 
and Small Power Production tariff customer participation, broken down by residential and non-
residential customers, and include data on both new and total (1) capacity (kW-ac) installed, (2) 
number of customers, and (3) size of battery storage system (both kW and kWh) if one is part of 
the customer’s system and that detail is provided to AES Indiana by the customer. 
 
vi. 
Multi-Family Data Collection. CAC witness Inskeep raised 
concerns about including multi-family residential customers and single-family residential 
customers in the same rate class. Settlement Agreement Section I.B.6 provides that AES Indiana 
is to collect data on residential customer housing types and analyze cost differentials between 
20 
 
single- and multi-family residential customers. This section also states that AES Indiana will 
consider a new multi-family rate for qualifying residential customers in its next rate case. In 
advance of its next rate case, AES Indiana will meet with CAC to discuss a potential multi-family 
rate and will also provide CAC and any other interested Settling Party with the results of its 
analysis. 
 
vii. 
Revenue Allocation. Mr. Rogers explained that Section I.B.7.1 of 
the Settlement Agreement sets forth the Settling Parties’ agreement regarding allocation of the 
revenue requirement. He said Section I.B.7.2 also provides the agreed TDSIC allocation factors. 
He added that the allocations agreed to in this Section are detailed in Settlement Agreement 
Attachment C (revenue allocation), Settlement Agreement Attachment D (demand allocators), and 
Settlement Agreement Attachment E (distribution and transmission costs allocation percentages). 
He said the Settling Parties agreed that the allocations presented in Settlement Agreement 
Attachment E, as revised in Attachment CAR-5S, represent the “customer class revenue allocation 
factors” based on firm load with interruptible load removed as required by Ind. Code § 8-1-39-
9(a)(l). 
 
According to Mr. Eckert, the OUCC views the task of revenue allocation as one of ensuring 
that any cost increases are fair and reasonable to all rate classes. He stated the Settling Parties spent 
considerable time negotiating a fair and reasonable revenue allocation among all rate classes. The 
OUCC concluded the agreed revenue allocation is a fair compromise in the context of the overall 
Settlement Agreement. 
 
Messrs. Rogers and Eckert testified that the agreed-upon revenue requirement allocations 
were determined strictly for settlement purposes and are without reference to any particular, 
specific cost allocation methodology. 
 
viii. 
Rate Design, Cost of Service and Other Issues. OUCC witness 
Eckert explained that the Settlement Agreement limits the impact to a residential customer using 
1,000 kWh per month to an increase of 7.2%, compared to AES Indiana’s initial proposal that 
would have increased the same residential customer’s monthly bill by 13.2%. Petitioner witness 
Rogers noted that comparing a residential customer’s $139.36 bill for 1,000 kWh to the 
Commission Staff’s July 1, 2023 jurisdictional residential bill survey (excerpt admitted as 
Attachment CAR-7S to Petitioner’s Exhibit 44) indicates AES Indiana’s rate would be the second 
lowest of Indiana’s investor-owned utilities and lower than the state investor-owned electric 
utilities’ average. 
 
AES Indiana and the Industrial Group disagreed as to the extent to which the utility’s low-
load factor analysis complied with the requirement set forth in the Commission’s Order in 45029 
to conduct such an analysis. Industrial Group witness Dauphinais proposed that the Commission 
require AES Indiana to again work with the Industrial Group and other interested parties to develop 
a true low load factor customer rate that will work for a broader group of Rate PL and Rate HL 
customers. He also recommended the Commission require Petitioner to develop a plan to 
implement this rate such that any subsidies being paid by members of the new rate class under 
current rates are substantially reduced. 
 
21 
 
Mr. Rogers testified that Section I.B.8 of the Settlement Agreement reflects an agreement 
for Petitioner to discuss the creation of a low load factor rate with Kroger, Walmart, Rolls-Royce, 
and the Industrial Group, prior to filing its next basic rate case. He said Petitioner agrees to prepare 
a low load factor analysis, provide this analysis to the Settling Parties, and seek input on eligibility 
criteria and other related issues in a timely manner sufficient to afford the Settling Parties a 
reasonable opportunity to provide meaningful input prior to filing its next basic rate case. He said 
the Settling Parties further agree that AES Indiana is not obligated to propose a low load factor 
rate or take a position in support of or against any such rate structure in its next basic rate case and 
that all Settling Parties, including AES Indiana, will have the opportunity to take any position with 
respect to the aforementioned analysis as they deem appropriate in the next basic rate case and 
each reserves the right to present its own alternative analysis and proposal. 
 
ix. 
Other Customer Charges Pro Forma Adjustment. Mr. Rogers 
explained that Section I.B.9 of the Settlement Agreement reflects the Settling Parties’ negotiated 
compromise to include a $1.0 million pro forma adjustment to reduce the Residential revenues 
portion of total sales of electric energy, which is reflected on Joint Exhibit 1, Attachment CAR-2S, 
Schedule REV10-S-R, Line 10. 
 
x. 
City of Indianapolis. Section I.B.10 of the Settlement Agreement 
addresses the following issues particular to the City of Indianapolis: streetlight rates, light emitting 
diode (“LED”) light change out, relocation, and agreed future discussions. 
 
a. 
Tariff MU-1 Rates. AES Indiana’s stated proposed increase 
to its street lighting tariff was 9.01%. City of Indianapolis witness Sommer recommended an 
increase to this tariff be no greater than any increase the Commission finds appropriate for the 
residential customer. Section I.B.10.1 of the Settlement Agreement provides that the rates for 
Tariff MU-1 customers shall be as set forth in Settlement Agreement Attachment F. Mr. Rogers 
stated in his settlement testimony that AES Indiana adjusted these rates to reflect the reduction in 
ACE Project capital costs.  
 
b. 
LED Lighting. City witness Sommer recommended that 
AES Indiana develop a comprehensive long-term plan, with stakeholder input, regarding AES 
Indiana converting the utility-owned streetlights that use all-purpose lights and vintage lights to 
lights that use LED lights. Mr. Rogers stated Section I.B.10.2 imposes a requirement for AES 
Indiana to analyze and develop a written report regarding the conversion of certain lighting with 
LED lights of comparable illumination with input from the City, other street-lighting customers, 
and other interested Settling Parties on this analysis.  
 
c. 
Relocation. Mr. Rogers stated Section I.B.10.4 of the 
Settlement Agreement provides that when certain streetlights are to be relocated for a capital 
improvement project, such streetlights shall not be considered “new construction” if the existing 
facilities are re-used in the new location. 
 
d. 
Future Discussions. Mr. Rogers explained Section I.B.10.5 
sets a requirement for Petitioner and the City to discuss certain issues relating to street lighting. 
 
22 
 
C. 
Issues Not Addressed in Settlement Agreement. Mr. Rogers noted 
Section I.C of the Settlement Agreement sets forth the Setting Parties’ agreement that any matters 
not addressed in the Settlement Agreement will be adopted as proposed by AES Indiana in its direct 
and rebuttal testimony. 
 
D. 
Time. Mr. Rogers testified that Section II of the Settlement Agreement 
states that time is of the essence to the Settling Parties’ Agreement. 
 
E. 
Nature. Mr. Eckert stated the Settlement Agreement was the product of 
intense negotiations, with each party compromising upon challenging issues to reach an overall 
settlement that balances ratepayers’ interests. The Settlement Agreement provides that neither the 
making of the Settlement Agreement nor any of its provisions shall constitute an admission by any 
Settling Party in this or any other litigation or proceeding. Mr. Rogers testified the Settlement 
Agreement is a compromise and will be null and void unless approved in its entirety without 
modification or further condition that is unacceptable to any Settling Party. Mr. Rogers further 
testified the Settlement Agreement states the Settling Parties’ agreement that the evidence in 
support of this Settlement Agreement constitutes substantial evidence sufficient to support this 
Settlement Agreement, includes provisions concerning the substantial evidence in the record 
supporting the approval of the Settlement Agreement, recognizes the confidentiality of settlement 
communications, and reflects other terms typically found in settlement agreements before this 
Commission. Mr. Eckert further testified the Settlement Agreement is a fair resolution of the issues 
presented in this proceeding, is supported by the evidence, is in the public interest, and should be 
approved. 
 
F. 
Five Pillars. Mr. Eckert detailed the ways in which the OUCC views the 
Settlement Agreement as satisfying each of the “Five Pillars” of ratemaking set forth in Ind. Code 
§ 8-1-2-0.5.  
 
Mr. Eckert stated that the Settlement Agreement reduces AES Indiana’s requested revenue 
increase in several ways, thereby further protecting affordability. For example, the Settlement 
Agreement removes: (1) $24.933 million in depreciation expense using the ALG methodology; (2) 
$32.099 million in fuel costs; (3) $14.880 million by reducing AES Indiana’s requested ROE from 
10.6% to 9.9%; (4) $3.8 million in payroll expense; (5) $2.1 million in Other Operating Expense; 
and (6) other costs identified in his testimony and the Settlement Agreement.  
 
He stated that the agreed-upon $25 million vegetation management expense and the 
continuation of the Major Storm Damage and Restoration Reserve support the reliability, 
resiliency, and stability pillars. He said the continuation of the storm reserve addresses the 
unpredictable nature of major storm timing, frequency, and damage. 
 
 
Mr. Eckert also stated the settlement terms support environmental sustainability. 
Specifically, he said the rate increase reflected in the Settlement Agreement supports AES 
Indiana’s provision of service. He noted Petitioner has an ongoing need for investment as part of 
its plan to transition from a coal-dominated generation fleet to a fleet consisting predominantly of 
renewables, storage, and natural gas. He stated by year-end 2025, AES Indiana plans to shut down 
23 
 
its last coal plant and have placed in service new utility infrastructure and new renewable 
generating assets. 
 
8. 
Commission Discussion and Findings. Settlement agreements presented to the 
Commission are not ordinary contracts between private parties. United States Gypsum, Inc. v. 
Indiana Gas Co., 735 N.E.2d 790, 803 (Ind. 2000). Any settlement agreement that is approved by 
the Commission “loses its status as a strictly private contract and takes on a public interest gloss.” 
Id. (quoting Citizens Action Coalition v. PSI Energy, Inc., 664 N.E.2d 401, 406 (Ind. Ct. App. 
1996)). Thus, the Commission “may not accept a settlement merely because the private parties are 
satisfied; rather [the Commission] must consider whether the public interest will be served by 
accepting the settlement.” Citizens Action Coalition, 664 N.E.2d at 406 (citation omitted).  
 
In addition, any Commission decision, ruling, or order, including the approval of a 
settlement, must be supported by specific findings of fact and sufficient evidence. U.S. Gypsum, 
735 N.E.2d at 795 (citing Citizens Action Coal. of Ind. v. Pub. Serv. Co. of Ind., Inc., 582 N.E.2d 
330, 331 (Ind. 1991)). The Commission’s procedural rules require that settlements be supported 
by probative evidence. 170 IAC 1-1.1-17(d). Before the Commission can approve the Settlement 
Agreement, the Commission must determine whether the evidence in this Cause sufficiently 
supports the conclusion that the Settlement Agreement is reasonable, just, and consistent with the 
purpose of Ind. Code ch. 8-1-2 and that it serves the public interest. Here, the Settling Parties have 
presented substantial evidence from which we can assess the reasonableness of the terms of the 
Settlement Agreement. 
 
We note that Indiana law strongly favors settlement as a means of resolving contested 
proceedings. Mendenhall v. Skinner & Broadbent, 728 N.E.2d 140, 145 (Ind. 2000) (“The policy 
of the law generally is to discourage litigation and encourage negotiation and settlement of 
disputes.”). 
 
In the current Cause, the Commission has before it substantial evidence with which to judge 
the reasonableness of the terms of the Settlement Agreement. We recognize that all the parties in 
this proceeding joined the Settlement Agreement. These parties represent varied and competing 
customer groups and interests, encompassing all AES Indiana rate classes. 
 
AES Indiana, the OUCC, and the intervening parties presented evidence supporting their 
initial respective positions. The evidence supports the existence of a test year revenue deficiency. 
Thus, while the amount of the necessary increase was in dispute, substantial evidence supports the 
conclusion that AES Indiana’s present rates are unjust and unreasonable. Accordingly, we find it 
is reasonable and necessary for new rates and charges to be established. 
 
The uncontested Settlement Agreement resolves all pending issues. Petitioner’s case-in-
chief supported a revenue deficiency of $134.2 million, which would reflect an overall revenue 
increase of 8.92%. Updates and concessions in AES Indiana’s rebuttal testimony reduced the 
deficiency to $122.9 million, which reduced the identified overall rate revenue increase to 8.36%. 
As explained by Mr. Eckert, the Settling Parties agreed to an annualized combined basic rate and 
rider revenue requirement increase of $72.9 million, which was further reduced by approximately 
$1.9 million due to the capital cost update for the ACE Project. The Settlement Agreement also 
24 
 
reflects approximately $100,000 in beneficial customer programs, the costs of which are not 
reflected in the agreed revenue deficiency. 
 
As explained by OUCC witness Eckert, consumer benefits from the Settlement Agreement 
include: (1) a reduction of $24.933 million in depreciation expense using the ALG methodology; 
(2) a reduction of $32.099 million in fuel costs; (3) a savings of $14.880 million by reducing AES 
Indiana’s requested ROE from 10.6% to 9.9%; (4) a reduction of $3.8 million in payroll expense; 
(5) a reduction of $2.457 million for regulatory asset amortizations; (6) a $2.905 million 
consumable expense reduction; (7) a reduction to the revenue requirement of $2.097 for Prepaid 
Pension Asset capital structure effects; (8) a reduction of $2.1 million in Other Operating Expense; 
(9) investment in environmental sustainability; (10) a reduction in AES Indiana’s overall requested 
residential rate increase from 13.2% to 7.2%; (11) modifications to AES Indiana’s proposed 
Economic Development Rider; and (12) investment in various community programs, including 
modifications to AES Indiana’s proposed late payment charges and proposed disconnect and 
reconnect processes. 
 
A. 
Agreed Revenue Deficiency Adjustments. As shown by the above summary 
of evidence, the Settlement Agreement enumerates the Settling Parties’ agreed resolution of 
disputes regarding various operating expenses reasonably incurred to provide retail service, 
including wages and benefits, amortizations and rate case expense, NOx emission allowance 
expenses, vegetation management costs, certain outage maintenance costs, certain non-outage 
O&M costs, Major Project costs, and fuel costs. The overall terms of the Settlement Agreement 
and the supporting settlement testimony show the agreement on these ongoing costs is reasonable.  
 
B. 
Depreciation. AES Indiana agreed for purposes of settlement, without 
waiving its right to propose alternative methodologies in the future, to use the OUCC and Industrial 
Group’s proposed ALG procedure for depreciation rates. This Settlement Agreement provision 
results in a reduction to AES Indiana’s identified depreciation expense of $24.8 million. 
 
Even though the current methodology in place for AES Indiana is the ELG method, we 
believe the use of the ALG method is appropriate at this time given the utility’s current investment 
cycle to determine the proper depreciation expense in this proceeding and because it contributes 
to bill affordability. The substantial expense decrease resulting from the change in depreciation 
method is a large factor in mitigating the potential bill impact from the proposed Settlement 
Agreement.  
 
 
Based on the evidence presented, we find the Settling Parties’ resolution of this issue, in 
conjunction with all other Settlement Agreement terms, is reasonable. 
 
C. 
Cost of Capital Components.  
 
i. 
ROE. The Settling Parties agreed that AES Indiana’s ROE will be 
9.9%, which is a reduction to AES Indiana’s 10.6% ROE set forth in its case-in-chief. This 
negotiated result is within the range of the evidence and is consistent with the settlement testimony 
of Mr. Rogers. The record shows the capital structure used in AES Indiana’s direct testimony to 
compute the overall rate of return for AES Indiana includes 44.69% common equity, which is 
25 
 
equivalent to an equity ratio of approximately 47.44% after excluding cost-free items and tax credit 
balances. In his settlement testimony, Mr. Eckert noted that, from the OUCC’s perspective, for 
settlement purposes, a 9.9% ROE more accurately reflects AES Indiana’s risk profile than AES 
Indiana’s proposed 10.60% ROE. He explained the lower ROE reduces the return on capital 
investment that consumers must pay through capital riders between rate cases and thus establishes 
a more balanced plan that is in the interest of ratepayers while still preserving the financial integrity 
of AES Indiana. Mr. Rogers’ settlement testimony noted the equity rate percentage used in AES 
Indiana’s direct testimony is lower than the 51.5% average common equity ratio for the firms in 
the Electric Group used in Petitioner witness McKenzie’s analysis. The 9.9% ROE reduces AES 
Indiana’s rate of return by $14.88 million, as compared to the utility’s original ROE proposal, 
benefiting ratepayers. 
 
We note that while the overall ROE agreed upon in this settlement is nine basis points lower 
than what was authorized in the previous rate case Order, the agreed-upon overall cost of capital 
in the Settlement Agreement is 26 basis points higher than what was authorized in the previous 
rate case Order. This is a function of an increased equity ratio. We further note the agreed-upon 
ROE in the present Cause is part of a negotiated package of terms that includes various reductions 
to AES Indiana’s requested revenue requirement. Based on the evidence presented, we find the 
9.9% ROE, when placed in context of the overall Settlement Agreement, is reasonable. 
 
ii. 
Prepaid Pension Asset. The Settlement Agreement includes 
in AES Indiana’s capital structure a Prepaid Pension Asset of $131.1 million, which reflects a 
reduction from AES Indiana’s initial asset value of $166.2 million. Given the evidence presented 
and the Settlement Agreement as a whole, we approve this term. 
 
 
D. 
ACE Project. The ACE Project is designed to replace a system that is more 
than 25 years old and which has reached its end of life. The Settlement Agreement includes total 
capital costs for developing and implementing the ACE Project, a Major Project, of $83.9 million, 
which is a reduction from the $94.2 million identified in AES Indiana’s direct testimony. The 
record establishes that the ACE Project is in service, but no evidence was presented regarding the 
project efficiency of the system transition. Therefore, AES Indiana shall file monthly compliance 
reports under this Cause informing the Commission on the implementation of the ACE Project. 
Petitioner shall report any issues with the ACE Project, how the issues are being addressed, the 
number of customers affected, and any other information the Commission might request 
concerning the ACE Project. Petitioner shall submit its first such report within 30 days of the date 
of this Order and continue this reporting until directed otherwise by the Presiding Officers in a 
Docket Entry. Our consideration of the ACE Project, as with each term of the Settlement 
Agreement, is limited by the evidence presented at the December 19, 2023 evidentiary hearing. 
Based on this evidence, the compliance filing requirement noted above, and the Settlement 
Agreement as a whole, we approve the ACE Project settlement terms. 
 
E. 
Vegetation Management. The Settlement Agreement embeds $25 million in 
basic rates for vegetation management and continues the mechanism established in Cause No. 
45029 to address any cumulative shortfall in annual expenditures for vegetation management costs 
on AES Indiana’s distribution facilities relative to the amount embedded in basic rates. Any such 
shortfall will be deferred. That deferral mechanism serves as a cap and no amounts spent above 
26 
 
the amount embedded in base rates on a cumulative basis will be deferred. In AES Indiana’s next 
base rate case, any balance in the established and continued regulatory liability will be amortized 
into the cost of service as a credit to the retail revenue requirement. We find the negotiated 
compromise reasonably addresses the OUCC and Intervenor concerns while also recognizing the 
need for the revenue requirement to reflect a reasonable level of vegetation management expense. 
We further find the agreement regarding vegetation management expense and the continuation of 
the Major Storm Damage and Restoration Reserve addresses and allows AES Indiana to maintain 
and help ensure the reliability, resiliency, and stability of its electric service. 
 
F. 
Major Storms.  
 
i. 
Major Storm Damage and Restoration Reserve and Major 
Storm Regulatory Liability. Section I.A.6.1 of the Settlement Agreement sets forth the Settling 
Parties’ agreement to continue the Major Storm Damage and Restoration Reserve and to reflect a 
$6.1 million credit balance in rates as proposed by AES Indiana. We agree with the OUCC that 
this term will help address the unpredictable problem for ratemaking that occurs because the 
timing, frequency, and amount of potential damage from major storms is unpredictable. As such, 
we find the Settling Parties’ compromise position to be reasonable. 
 
ii. 
Storm Damage Recovery Procedure and Response. As noted 
above, the OUCC and CAC’s Joint Petition remains pending in Cause No. 45917. The OUCC 
raised concerns in the current Cause as to whether AES Indiana (1) requested assistance from all 
of the available storm restoration services, (2) properly notified its customers on a timely basis 
through appropriate communication methods, and (3) provided accurate information to the 
Commission of the situation. 
 
Mr. Holtsclaw’s testimony established that AES Indiana deployed 104 line crews for the 
Level 3 June 29 storm. These crews consisted of 84 line crews which were ready to work at the 
start of the Level 3 June 29 storm and 20 additional contract line crews who arrived on June 30. 
These 104 total line crews exceed the 68 average number of line crews that AES Indiana deployed 
for Level 3 storm events since 2004. The evidence further established that AES Indiana deployed 
more line crews due to the June 29 storm than it had in the previous eight years for a storm of this 
magnitude. The uncontested evidence established that AES Indiana’s response to the June 29 storm 
was equal to or better than the response provided by other utilities, as evidenced by a comparison 
of storm response with the information other utilities provided at a September 28, 2023 technical 
conference regarding their respective response The evidence also established that the priorities 
used to guide each utility’s restoration efforts and overall effort were the same. 
 
Mr. Holtsclaw also explained why the utility did not seek mutual assistance to help the 
utility recover from the storm. During the morning of Friday, June 30, the utility anticipated fully 
recovering from the storm by late Sunday (July 1) or early Monday (July 2). Given that line crews 
responding to a request for mutual assistance typically do not arrive until at least 24 hours after 
such a request is submitted, the utility’s Incident Command team did not think additional mutual 
assistance crews could arrive in time to be of material assistance. This position is supported by the 
fact that if AES Indiana had requested and received such assistance, this may have hampered repair 
work elsewhere. 
27 
 
 
 
Mr. Holtsclaw also presented evidence to respond to OUCC witness Eckert’s concerns 
about the utility’s outage communications to its customers and the Commission. The evidence 
indicates that the utility began providing information through social media the afternoon of June 
29 and that AES Indiana continued this effort by providing information through the weekend. The 
evidence also showed that any reporting issues were due to (1) issues with its Outage Management 
System, which the utility is replacing in 2024, (2) AES Indiana’s July 4 outage report only included 
outages due to the June 29 storm, while the data the utility provided at the technical conference 
also included outages related to storms on June 30 and July 2, (3) technical limitations of its AMI, 
and (4) the utility learning more information about outages and providing updated information to 
the Commission. 
 
Through Settlement Agreement Section I.A.6.2, the Settling Parties agreed to lower the 
threshold for AES Indiana to begin its 170 IAC 4-1-23(b)(1) outage reporting to 2,500 customers. 
This section also provides that AES Indiana will continue reporting until service is restored to all 
such customers. AES Indiana also agreed to meet with the OUCC and other interested Settling 
Parties to collaborate on any additional modifications to AES Indiana’s storm reporting 
requirements and/or related procedures and will a submit a report under this Cause of any resulting 
recommendations to the Commission within 90 days of this Order. Based on the evidence 
provided, we find the Settlement Agreement terms regarding AES Indiana’s storm response to be 
responsive to most of the concerns expressed by the OUCC and reasonable. 
 
Mr. Holtsclaw also testified on rebuttal that the investigation in Cause No. 45917 is not 
warranted nor needed. Section I.C of the Settlement Agreement provides that the Settling Parties 
agree that any matters not addressed by the Settlement Agreement will be adopted as proposed by 
AES Indiana in its direct and rebuttal case. The Settling Parties do not reference Cause No. 45917 
in the Settlement Agreement. The Settling Parties’ incorporation of AES Indiana’s conclusion into 
the Settlement Agreement is supportive of a determination that the issues raised in Cause No. 
45917 have been resolved. 
 
G. 
Revenue Allocation and Rate Design. Settlement Agreement Section I.B.7 
provides that Attachment C to the agreement sets forth the Settling Parties’ agreed revenue 
allocation. The Settling Parties agreed on an allocation that is without reference to any specific 
cost allocation methodology. Mr. Eckert testified that the OUCC considers the agreed settlement 
allocation a fair compromise in the context of the overall settlement. The parties agreed the 
settlement revenue allocation reflects “customer class revenue allocation factors” based on firm 
load with interruptible load removed as required by Indiana Code § 8-1-39-9(a)(1).  
 
 
We note that the Industrial Group, Rolls-Royce, Walmart, and Kroger all represent or 
include customers with multiple C&I accounts across different rates and all participated in 
settlement discussions along with the OUCC, the statutory representative of all ratepayers, 
ultimately agreeing to the revenue allocation set forth in the Settlement Agreement in the context 
of the overall settlement. However, we also note that Small C&I customers are the only group that 
receives a higher revenue requirement in the Settlement than in the original proposal, as set forth 
as follows: 
 
28 
 
 
W/O Settlement 
W/ Settlement 
Difference 
% 
Residential 
$739,202,469 
$705,274,511 
$(33,927,958) 
(4.6)% 
Small C&I 
$243,061,935 
$244,868,766 
$1,806,831 
0.7% 
Large C&I 
$642,480,998 
$622,455,180 
$(20,025,818) 
(3.1)% 
Lighting 
$19,729,075 
$19,034,064 
$(695,011) 
(3.5)% 
Total 
$1,644,474,477 
$1,591,632,521 
$(52,841,956) 
(3.2)% 
 
 
The Presiding Commissioner at the evidentiary hearing questioned OUCC witness Eckert 
why it was equitable for Small C&I customers to solely be subjected to an increase under the 
agreement. Mr. Eckert explained the OUCC believes the overall revenue allocation was reached 
as part of a give-and-take of settlement negotiations and, when viewed in context of the Settlement 
Agreement as a whole, is reasonable. The Commission appreciates the challenge the OUCC and 
others have in balancing the interests of varied customer classes, but we must note a measure of 
concern that the balance is not often as favorable to the Small C&I classes as it is for other classes. 
We encourage the OUCC to consider and to the extent required in future settlements to ensure its 
balancing effort maintains a more equitable treatment among all classes. Notwithstanding this 
concern, and with consideration of the complexities inherent in settlement negotiations noted by 
Mr. Eckert and reasonable deference to the customer’s statutory representative, the revenue 
allocation is not unreasonable. 
 
 
As a result of the Settlement Agreement, AES Indiana’s residential customer charge will 
be set at $12.50 for usage at or below 325 kWh; the charge will remain $17.00 for all other 
residential service usage. Both are reductions from AES Indiana’s proposed charges and maintain 
the amount approved in Cause No. 45029. AES Indiana’s declining block rate structure will be 
modified through a reduction of the second block differential by 25% with no change to the 
differential to the third block applicable to RH and RC customers. The Settlement Agreement 
partially preserves a rate structure that does not shift costs. It also creates incentives to invest in 
energy efficiency. The gradual movement in the fixed charge for lower usage, the maintenance of 
the current fixed charge for most customers, and the agreed change to AES Indiana’s declining 
block energy charges are within the range of the evidence and reflect a reasonable resolution of 
these disputed issues. The Commission finds the negotiated compromise regarding the rate design, 
as a part of the overall Settlement Agreement, is reasonable and should be approved.  
 
H. 
FAC. Settlement Agreement Section I.A.13.3 establishes a base cost of fuel 
of $0.039027 per kWh and reflects a fuel cost reduction of approximately $31.9 million compared 
to AES Indiana’s evidence in its direct testimony. The Settlement Agreement continues the 
procedures currently in place for AES Indiana’s fuel cost filings, including the procedural process 
that allows the OUCC and Intervenors to file their testimony and report not more than 35 days 
after AES Indiana’s filing of its application. We find these agreements to be reasonable in light of 
the presented evidence. 
 
I. 
Disconnect/Reconnect Procedures. Through Section I.A.12 of the 
Settlement Agreement, the Settling Parties agreed, with certain exceptions and requirements, to 
AES Indiana’s request for a waiver of the 170 IAC 4-1-16(f) requirements that mandate an in-
person visit by a company representative prior to disconnecting a customer’s electric service. 
Under the settlement, AES Indiana will begin to remotely disconnect and reconnect customers 
29 
 
using its AMI. AES Indiana will utilize phone calls, text, or email messages to communicate final 
disconnect notices to residential customers instead of conducting in person on-premises visits. As 
noted above, the OUCC raised concerns whether customers would receive sufficient notice 
regarding an impending disconnection of their service and the CAC discussed issues that such a 
proposal may have upon medically vulnerable customers. 
 
 
The Settling Parties addressed the notification issue through the Settlement Agreement by 
setting forth an agreed-upon method for AES Indiana to notify its customers about the remote 
disconnect/reconnect program and about the importance of maintaining current contact 
information with the utility. The agreement even designates particular language, which includes 
recommendations proposed by OUCC witness Paronish, AES Indiana is to use for such 
communications.  
 
 
The Settlement Agreement also lengthens the medical disconnection protection time for 
LIHEAP Qualified Participants who have a Medical Hold or a Medical Alert. For LIHEAP Medical 
Hold customers, the protection extends from 20 days to 30 days. Before any disconnection of 
LIHEAP Medical Hold customers, AES Indiana will place a collection call to such customer that 
prompts the customer to contact AES Indiana to establish an installment plan. For LIHEAP 
Medical Alert customers, the protection extends from 20 days to 40 days. AES Indiana will send 
such Medical Alert customer additional correspondence requesting the establishment of an 
installment plan.  
 
 
The agreement also provides a mechanism to help improve Petitioner’s customer 
education/outreach and Petitioner’s procedures regarding the Medical Alert and Medical Hold 
Programs. Specifically, the agreement provides that within 90 days of Commission approval of 
the Settlement Agreement, AES Indiana will offer to meet with the CAC and OUCC regarding 
these topics. 
  
The Settlement Agreement sets the fee for remote disconnection at zero dollars and the fee 
for remote reconnection at three dollars. The Settlement Agreement also states that AES Indiana 
will waive, once in a rolling 12-month period, the manual disconnection and manual or remote 
reconnection fees of a LIHEAP Qualified Participant. The Settlement Agreement further prohibits 
AES Indiana from disconnecting electrical service for residential customers on particular days and 
holidays, which is consistent with 170 IAC 4-1-16(d). 
 
 
The proposed remote disconnect/reconnect process allows for efficiencies in the utility’s 
disconnection and reconnection process, and reduces the operating costs related to the 
disconnection and reconnection process. In light of the detailed agreement regarding the remote 
disconnection and reconnection program and the Settlement Agreement as a whole, we approve 
the waiver of 170 IAC 4-1-16(f) requirements mandating an in-person visit by a company 
representative prior to disconnecting a customer’s electric service, subject to AES Indiana’s 
compliance with Settlement Agreement Section I.A.12. 
 
 
 
 
30 
 
J. 
Other Terms.  
 
i. 
Excess Distributed Generation, Multi-Family, and Low Load 
Factors. Settlement Agreement Sections I.B.5, I.B.6, and I.B.8 require, among other things, AES 
Indiana to collect, analyze, and report certain data regarding its Excess Distributed Generation 
tariff and Small Power Production tariff, single- and multi-family cost differentials, and low load 
factors. These provisions are responsive to issues raised by the OUCC and the intervening parties. 
At the hearing, Mr. Rogers testified it would be reasonable to include information related to these 
three settlement provisions as part of AES Indiana’s annual performance metrics reporting in 
Cause Nos. 44576 and 44602. In light of the evidence presented and the Settlement Agreement as 
a whole, we find Settlement Agreement Sections I.B.5., I.B.6., I.B.8., and Mr. Roger’s proposed 
reporting to be reasonable. Petitioner shall provide the information required by Settlement 
Agreement Sections I.B.5., I.B.6., I.B.8. as part of AES Indiana’s annual performance metrics 
reporting in Cause Nos. 44576 and 44602, beginning with its next report in each Cause. 
 
ii. 
City of Indianapolis. Settlement Agreement Section I.B.10 sets 
forth the Settlement Agreement terms relating to the City’s streetlighting rates, changing lights to 
use LED lights, and agreed-upon future discussions. Based on the evidence presented and the 
overall Settlement Agreement, we find these terms reasonable. 
 
K. 
Field Hearings and Customer Comments. Approximately 50 individuals 
testified at the field hearings held in this Cause and the OUCC provided over 1,500 written 
customer comments, which were admitted as Public Exhibits 15 and 16. Mr. Eckert noted that the 
comments admitted as Public Exhibit 16 were previously filed in Cause No. 45917. This testimony 
and the written comments included concerns related to all five pillars set forth in Ind. Code § 8-1-
2-0.6, with an emphasis on affordability, customer service, AES Indiana’s system resilience and 
reliability, and the utility’s proposed ROE. 
 
L.  
Indiana Code §§ 8-1-2-0.5 and -0.6. Through Ind. Code § 8-1-2-0.5, the 
Indiana General Assembly established the state’s policy recognizing utility service affordability 
for present and future generations. This legislative policy states affordability should be protected 
when utilities invest in infrastructure necessary for system operation and maintenance.  
 
Through Ind. Code § 8-1-2-0.6, the Indiana General Assembly declared it is the continuing 
policy of the state that decisions concerning Indiana’s electric generation resource mix, energy 
infrastructure, and electric service ratemaking constructs must consider each of five pillars of 
electric utility service: reliability, affordability, resiliency, stability, and environmental 
sustainability. 
 
We considered the affordability underlying the Settlement Agreement terms by considering 
the financial implications of the agreement as a whole, which included analyzing the largest drivers 
that impact affordability in rate cases; namely, return on equity, the depreciation methodology 
employed in the plan, the total revenue requirement, and the allocation of the revenue requirement. 
 
 
31 
 
We also considered reliability, resiliency, and stability issues, primarily through our review 
of the evidence regarding vegetation management, which address the single leading cause of 
outages at AES Indiana; the Major Storm Damage and Restoration Reserve, which addresses AES 
Indiana’s ability to recover from storms; and AES Indiana’s service interruption reporting 
requirements. 
 
We additionally considered the environmental sustainability pillar, which considers the 
impact of environmental regulations on the cost of providing electric utility service and demand 
from consumers for environmentally sustainable sources of electric generation. On this point, Mr. 
Eckert stated AES Indiana needs to make continued investment as part of its generation mix 
transition. He noted that Petitioner plans to shut down its last coal plant by the end of 2025 and to 
place in service new utility infrastructure and new renewable generating assets.  
 
The Commission has considered the five pillars enumerated in Ind. Code § 8-1-2-0.6 in 
reaching our decision in this proceeding. The Commission finds AES Indiana’s proposals are 
consistent with the legislative directives. 
 
9. 
Conclusion. The testimony supporting the Settlement Agreement explains why the 
Settlement Agreement, when considered as whole, is reasonable and in the public interest. As noted 
above, all customer classes (Residential, Small C&I, Large C&I, and Lighting) were represented 
by the Settling Parties throughout the settlement discussions. All customers benefit from a reduced 
ROE, which will be used in future capital cost recovery mechanisms. All customer classes also 
benefit from the Settlement Agreement in that the Settlement Agreement laid out commitments to 
analyze and research topics such as low load factor rates and LED lighting topics. Although the 
Settlement Agreement rate increase impacts customer classes differently, the overall Settlement 
Agreement package resulted in reasonable impacts that are a product of arm’s-length negotiations. 
Further, the underlying cost allocation was aimed at balancing increases among classes. We are 
also persuaded to approve the Settlement Agreement because all parties of record, representing 
diverse interests, are signatories to the Settlement Agreement and they each recommend approval 
of the agreement.  
 
Based upon our review of the record as a whole and consideration of the Settlement 
Agreement terms in totality and the admitted testimony and exhibits, the Commission finds that 
the Settlement Agreement represents a just and reasonable resolution of the issues. 
 
 
Based upon the foregoing conclusion with respect to the Settlement Agreement, the 
Commission finds that the net original cost rate base for purposes of this Cause is $3,444,878 and 
is calculated as follows: 
 
Net Original Cost Rate Base 
(thousands of dollars) 
Net Plant In Service 
$ 3,024,046 
Materials and Supplies Inventory 
$ 111,035 
Fuel Stock Inventory 
$ 29,052 
Regulatory Assets 
$ 280,745 
Total Original Cost Rate Base 
$ 3,444,878 
32 
 
 
Joint Exhibit 1, Attachment CAR-2S, Schedule RB1-S-R. We find this original cost is the fair value 
under Indiana Code § 8-1-2-6 for purposes of this Cause. 
 
 
Based on these findings and after giving effect to the Settlement Agreement terms 
regarding cost of capital, we find that Petitioner’s capital structure and weighted cost of capital is 
as follows:  
 
Description 
Total AES 
Indiana 
Capitalization 
(thousands of 
dollars) 
Percent 
Of 
Total 
Cost 
Rate 
Weighted 
Cost 
Rate 
Long-Term Debt 
$ 2,153,036 
49.15% 
4.90% 
2.41% 
Preferred Stock 
$ - 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Common Equity 
$ 1,943,109 
44.36% 
9.90% 
4.39% 
Customer Deposits 
$ 35,097 
0.80% 
6.00% 
0.05% 
Prepaid Pension Asset (net of OPEB 
liability) 
$ (133,100) 
(3.04)% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Deferred Income Taxes 
$ 382,560 
8.73% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Post 1970 ITC 
$ 24 
0.00% 
7.28% 
0.00% 
Totals 
$ 4,380,726 
100.00% 
 
6.85% 
 
Joint Exhibit 1, Attachment CAR-2S, Schedule CC2-S-R. 
 
Based on the evidence presented, we find that AES Indiana should be authorized to increase 
its basic rates and charges to produce additional operating revenue of approximately $71,037,000 
million. This revenue is reasonably estimated to afford AES Indiana the opportunity to earn a net 
operating income of $235,972,000, as shown on Joint Exhibit 1, Attachment CAR-2S, Schedule 
REVREQ1-S-R. 
 
 
 
The Commission finds the Settlement Agreement is reasonable, supported by substantial 
evidence, and in the public interest. Accordingly, the Settlement Agreement is approved in its 
entirety. 
 
10. 
Effect of Settlement Agreement. The Settling Parties agree that the Settlement 
Agreement should not be used as precedent in any other proceeding or for any other purpose, 
except to the extent necessary to implement or enforce its terms. Consequently, with regard to 
future citation of the Settlement Agreement, we find that our approval herein should be construed 
in a manner consistent with our finding in Richmond Power & Light, Cause No. 40434, 1997 WL 
34880849 at *7-8 (IURC March 19, 1997). 
 
11. 
Confidentiality. On June 28, 2023, Petitioner filed its motions for Protection and 
Nondisclosure of Confidential and Proprietary Information with supporting affidavits asserting 
that certain information to be submitted to the Commission was trade secret information as defined 
in Ind. Code § 24-2-3-2 and should be treated as confidential in accordance with Ind. Code §§ 5-
33 
 
14-3-4 and 8-1-2-29. Docket Entries were issued on July 21, 2023 and November 2, 2023, through 
which the Presiding Officers determined the information should be held confidential on a 
preliminary basis, after which the information was submitted under seal. 
 
 
On October 12, 2023, the Industrial Group filed its Motion for Confidential Treatment of 
Portions of the Direct Verified Testimony of James R. Dauphinais. The Industrial Group explained 
that portions of Mr. Dauphinais’ testimony consisted of materials which were provided by 
Petitioner as confidential responses to data requests and relate to individual customer usage. The 
Industrial Group included an affidavit in support of this request. The Industrial Group stated that 
the information it sought to protect was trade secret information as defined in Ind. Code § 24-2-3-
2 and should be treated as confidential in accordance with Ind. Code §§ 5-14-3-4 and 8-1-2-29. A 
Docket Entry was issued on November 2, 2023, through which the Presiding Officers determined 
the information should be held confidential on a preliminary basis, after which the information 
was submitted under seal. 
 
After review of the information and consideration of the affidavits, we find the information 
is trade secret information as defined in Ind. Code § 24-2-3-2, is exempt from public access and 
disclosure pursuant to Ind. Code §§ 5-14-3-4 and 8-1-2-29, and shall be held confidential and 
protected from public access and disclosure by the Commission. 
 
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED BY THE INDIANA UTILITY REGULATORY 
COMMISSION that: 
 
1. 
The Settlement Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Order, is approved. 
 
2. 
AES Indiana’s proposed tariff, as modified by the Settlement Agreement, is 
approved. 
 
3. 
Petitioner is authorized to adjust and increase its rates and charges for electric utility 
service to produce an increase in total annual operating revenues of approximately $71,037,000 in 
accordance with the findings above, which rates and charges shall be designed to produce total 
annual operating revenues of $1,705,842,000, which are expected to produce an annual net 
operating income of $235,972,000. 
 
4. 
Petitioner shall file new schedules of rates and charges, along with its revised tariff 
under this Cause, consistent with the Settlement Agreement and the rates and charges approved 
above. Petitioner’s new schedules of rates and charges shall be effective upon approval by the 
Commission’s Energy Division. Consistent with Settlement Agreement Section I.A.16.1, new 
basic rates approved by the Commission will be implemented for service rendered on or after the 
date the Commission approves Petitioner’s new tariff. 
 
5. 
Petitioner is authorized to place into effect for accrual accounting purposes revised 
depreciation accrual rates as provided in the Settlement Agreement. 
 
6. 
Petitioner is granted accounting authority for the implementation of the Settlement 
Agreement.  
34 
7.
Petitioner is authorized to file updated factors for its rate adjustment mechanisms
in accordance with this Order, and such changes shall be effective simultaneously with approval 
of Petitioner’s new basic rates. 
8.
AES Indiana is granted a waiver of 170 IAC 4-1-16(f) requirements mandating an
in-person visit by a company representative prior to disconnecting a customer’s electric service, 
subject to AES Indiana’s compliance with the Settlement Agreement and Finding No. 8.F.ii.above. 
9. 
AES Indiana shall file monthly compliance reports under this Cause informing the 
Commission on the implementation of the ACE Project. Petitioner shall report any issues with the 
ACE Project, how the issues are being addressed, the number of customers affected, and any other 
information the Commission might request concerning the ACE Project. Petitioner shall submit its 
first such report within 30 days of the date of this Order and continue this reporting until directed 
otherwise by the Presiding Officers in a Docket Entry.  
10. 
AES Indiana shall provide the information required by Settlement Agreement 
Sections I.B.5., I.B.6., I.B.8. as part of its annual performance metrics reporting in Cause Nos. 
44576 and 44602, beginning with its next report in each Cause. 
11. 
The information submitted under seal in this Cause pursuant to Petitioner’s request 
for confidential treatment is determined to be confidential trade secret information as defined in 
Ind. Code § 24-2-3-2 and shall continue to be held as confidential and exempt from public access 
and disclosure pursuant to Ind. Code §§ 5-14-3-4 and 8-1-2-29. 
12. 
This Order shall be effective on and after the date of its approval.
HUSTON, BENNETT, FREEMAN, AND VELETA CONCUR; ZIEGNER ABSENT: 
APPROVED: 
I hereby certify that the above is a true 
and correct copy of the Order as approved. 
__________________________________ 
Dana Kosco 
Secretary of the Commission 
APR 17 2024
Dana Kosco
Digitally signed by Dana Kosco 
Date: 2024.04.17 11:07:54 
-04'00'
] 
STATE OF INDIANA 
INDIANA UTILITY REGULATORY COMMISSION 
PETITION OF INDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT ) 
COMPANY D/B/A AES INDIANA ("AES INDIANA") ) 
FOR AUTHORITY TO INCREASE RATES AND ) 
CHARGES FOR ELECTRIC UTILITY SERVICE, AND ) 
FOR APPROVAL OF RELATED RELIEF, INCLUDING ) 
(1) 
REVISED 
DEPRECIATION 
RA TES, 
(2) 
) 
ACCOUNTING RELIEF, INCLUDING DEFERRALS ) 
AND 
AMORTIZATIONS, 
(3) 
INCLUSION 
OF ) 
CAPITAL INVESTMENTS, ( 4) RATE ADJUSTMENT ) 
MECHANISM 
PROPOSALS, 
INCLUDING 
NEW ) 
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT RIDER, (5) REMOTE ) 
DISCONNECT/RECONNECT 
PROCESS, 
AND 
(6) 
) 
NEW 
SCHEDULES 
OF 
RA TES, 
RULES 
AND ) 
REGULATIONS FOR SERVICE. 
) 
CAUSE NO. 45911 
STIPULATION AND SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT 
IURC 
JOINT 
Indianapolis Power & Light Company d/b/a AES Indiana ("AES Indiana" or "Company"), 
the Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor ("OUCC"), AESI Industrial Group (Allison 
Transmission, Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Indiana University, Indiana University Health, 
Marathon Petroleum Company LP, and Messer LLC ("IG" or "Industrial Group")), Citizens 
Action Coalition ofindiana, Inc. ("CAC"), The Kroger Co. ("Kroger"), Walmm1 Inc. ("Walmart"), 
Rolls-Royce Corporation ("Rolls-Royce"), and City of Indianapolis (collectively the "Settling 
Parties" and individually "Settling Pa11y"), solely for purposes of compromise and settlement and 
having been duly advised by their respective staff, expe11s, and counsel, stipulate and agree the 
terms and conditions set fo11h below represent a fair, just, and reasonable resolution of the matters 
set fo11h below, subject to their incorporation by the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission 
("Commission") into a final, non-appealable order ("Final Order") 1 without modification or further 
condition that may be unacceptable to any Settling Party. If the Commission does not approve this 
Stipulation and Settlement Agreement ("Settlement Agreement"), in its entirety, the entire 
Settlement Agreement shall be null and void and deemed withdrawn, unless otherwise agreed to 
in writing by the Settling Parties. 
OFFICIAL 
XH 
... ,,~ IBITS 
1 "Final Order" as used herein means an order issued by the Commission as to which no person has 
filed a Notice of Appeal within the thirty-day period after the date of the Commission order. 
I. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
A. 
REVENUE REQUIREMENT. The Settling Parties agree that AES Indiana's 
proposed revenue requirement should be decreased from $1,737.8 million to $1,644.5 million, a 
decrease of $93.244 million (which is a decrease of $61.145 million exclusive of change in base 
fuel costs) as stated below and reflected in the attached Settlement Agreement Attachment A 
(summary of revenue requirement impact of settlement terms): 
1. 
ACE Project. 
1.1. 
As recommended by IG witness Gorman and OUCC witness Lantrip, rate 
base will be adjusted downward by approximately $94,000 to remove the legacy system net 
remaining book costs from rate base. This adjustment is reflected in the revised Schedule 
RB3-S. The Company will also reduce proforma operating costs by $140,547. 
1.2. 
The ACE Project total capital costs to be reflected in rate base are $94.165 
million. 
1.3 
Based on the testimony of OUCC witness Lantrip, IG witness Gorman, and 
AES Indiana witness Barbarisi, AES Indiana Financial Exhibit AESI-OPER Schedule OM 
18 will be updated to reflect the reduced expense provided to the parties in discovery and 
will be revised to amortize estimated non-recurring costs, including surge staffing costs, over 
four years. A revised Schedule OM18-S is included herewith in Settlement Agreement 
Attachment B and includes the operating expense reduction set forth in Section 1.1 above. 
2. 
Amortizations and Rate Case Expense. 
2.1 
The Regulatory Assets listed in Table 1 of OUCC witness Blakley' s 
testimony and the rebuttal testimony of Company witness Aliff shall be amortized over a 
four-year amortization period. For consistency and as reflected in Company witness Aliff' s 
rebuttal testimony, Table 1 will be modified to include the 20% HS7 Gas Conversion and 
this, too, will be amortized over a four-year period instead of the three-year period proposed 
in the Company's direct testimony. 
2.2 
As recommended by OUCC witness Lantrip, AES Indiana's proposed 
amortization periods for the regulatory assets identified in OUCC witness Lantrip's 
testimony and Company witness Aliff' s direct testimony shall be approved as proposed by 
AES Indiana. 
2.3 
Based on the testimony of OUCC witness Baker, CAC witness Inskeep, and 
the rebuttal testimony of Company witnesses Aliff and Robinson, rate case expense will be 
reduced to $3.0 million and ammiized over a period of four years. 
3. 
Cost Of Capital. 
3.1 
Return On Equity ("ROE"). The agreed authorized return on equity shall be 
9.90%. 
2 
3 .2 
Prepaid Pension Asset. A Prepaid Pension Asset of $131.1 million (reduced 
from $166.2 million) will be included in the capital structure. 
3.3 
Weighted Average Cost of Capital ("WACC"). After incorporating Sections 
3.1 and 3.2 above, the agreed WACC to be applied to AES Indiana's original cost rate base 
is 6.85%. 
3.4 
Net Operating Income ("NOI"). AES Indiana's authorized NOI will be 
$236,673,000. 
4. 
Depreciation Rates And Expense. Solely for purposes of compromise in this 
proceeding, AES Indiana will accept the OUCC and Industrial Group proposal to utilize the ALG 
procedure for depreciation rates, resulting in a reduction to depreciation expense of $24.8 million. 
The revised depreciation rates will be included with the Company's testimony in supp011 of the 
Settlement Agreement for approval by the Commission. In its next rate case, while AES Indiana 
reserves its right to propose alternate depreciation methodologies, AES Indiana shall include in its 
testimony an update to its depreciation rates using the ALG proc~dure. 
5. 
IURC Fee and Revenue Conversion Factor. Consistent with OUCC witness 
Blakley's testimony and the rebuttal testimony of Company witnesses Aliff and Robinson, the 
IURC Fee of $0.001468 will be used to determine the IURC Fee and the revenue conversion factor 
for pro forma present and proposed rates as reflected in Schedules OM28-S and REVREQ2-S 
(included herewith in Settlement Agreement Attachment B). The revenue conversion factor will 
be calculated to reflect this Settlement Agreement. 
6. 
Major Storms. 
6.1 
The Major Storm Damage and Restoration Reserve shall be continued, and 
the $6.1 million credit balance shall be reflected in rates as proposed by AES Indiana. 
6.2 
AES Indiana agrees that the threshold for AES Indiana to begin reporting 
under 170 IAC 4-l-23(b)(l) shall be 2,500 customers and AES Indiana will continue 
reporting until its customer interruptions drop to O customers. AES Indiana agrees to meet 
with the OUCC and other interested Settling Parties to collaborate on any additional 
modifications to AES Indiana's storm repo1iing requirements and/or related procedures and 
will a submit a rep01i under this Cause of any resulting recommendations to the Commission 
within 90 days of a Commission order approving this Settlement Agreement. 
7. 
Non-Outage O&M. As recommended by OUCC witness Armstrong, the Settling 
Parties agree to Commission approval of AES Indiana Schedule OM-7. 
8. 
Other Operating Expense Adjustments. Operating expenses will be reduced by 
$2.3 million to reflect a negotiated compromise of the disputed operating expense issues, 
including, but not limited to, CAC witness Inskeep's testimony regarding membership costs. This 
adjustment is reflected on Schedule OM22-S (included herewith in Settlement Agreement 
Attachment B). 
3 
9. 
Payroll Expense - Wages and Vacant Positions. Petitioner's Schedule OM15 
will be lowered by $3.8 million inclusive of adjustment to Payroll Tax Expense on Schedule 
OTX3-S. 
10. 
Petersburg Units 1 and 2 Regulatory Assets. 
10.1 
To resolve the issue raised by IG witness Gorman, the unrecovered net book 
value to be included in a regulatory asset balance for Unit 1 and Unit 2 will be reduced by a 
$4.152 million revenue requirement impact. This agreed adjustment is reflected on Schedule 
RB9-S (included herewith in Settlement Agreement Attachment B). 
10.2 
These regulatory assets will be amo1iized through the revenue requirement as 
proposed by AES Indiana. 
11. 
Materials and Supplies. Based on testimony of OUCC witness Armstrong and the 
rebuttal testimony of Company witness Coklow, and solely for purposes of compromise, all test 
year NOx emission allowances will be removed from inventory, which will result in a pro forma 
decrease to rate base of $648,000 as reflected on AES Indiana Financial Exhibit AESI-RB, 
Schedule RB7-S (included herewith in Settlement Agreement Attachment B). 
12. 
Remote Disconnect/Reconnect/New Billing Format. The Settling Paiiies agree 
to Commission approval of AES Indiana's proposals modified as follows: 
12.1 
In first quaiier 2024, AES Indiana will issue communications to customers 
for three consecutive months on the imp01iance of maintaining current contact information. 
AES Indiana shall state that one of the purposes for updating contact information is to ale1i 
customers of potential remote disconnects. 
12.2 
AES Indiana will issue notice to customers of the approved remote 
disconnect/reconnect program at least 30 days in advance of the implementation. 
12.3 
AES Indiana will use the language for communicating changes to customers 
as modified by OUCC witness Paronish in her testimony. Ms. Paronish's language will be 
modified to reference phone as well as text and email. Due to character limitations, SMS 
text communications will point customers to a webpage that uses Ms. Paronish' s modified 
language. 
12.4 
As recognized by Ms. Paronish's testimony, the Company does not currently 
plan to implement changes to its residential bill format beyond those identified in the 
discovery referenced in this testimony. Should AES Indiana propose to further modify its 
residential customer bill within 18 months of an order approving this Settlement Agreement, 
the Company will provide a confidential copy of its proposed new bill format to the OUCC 
and CAC at least 45 days in advance of the date the Company plans to implement the changes 
so that the OUCC and CAC may review and have an opp01iunity to provide feedback. Any 
such feedback will be provided within 15 days after the Company provides a copy to the 
OUCC and CAC. 
4 
12.5 
With respect to disconnections, AES Indiana agrees not to disconnect service 
for any residential customer on Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays, and the following Holidays: 
New Year's Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, Friday 
after Thanksgiving Day, December 24, and Christmas Day. 
12.6 
The fee for remote disconnection shall be set at $0. The fee for remote 
reconnection shall be set at $3. 
12.7 
AES Indiana agrees that, once in a rolling 12-month period, the Company will 
waive the manual disconnection and manual or remote reconnection fees of a LIHEAP 
Qualified Participant as that term is defined in Section B.4 below. 
12.8 
If a residential customer is on the Medical Hold or Medical Alert Program, or 
a participant in the AMI Opt-Out Program, or does not have an AMI meter, or has not 
provided a phone number or email address, AES Indiana will make an on-premises visit on 
the day of disconnect. 
12.9 
Within 90 days of Commission approval of this Settlement Agreement, AES 
Indiana will offer to meet with the CAC and OUCC to collaborate regarding customer 
education/outreach and Company procedures regarding the Medical Alert and Medical Hold 
Programs, including but not limited to, the service status of these customers during system-
wide outages, the potential use of automated texts and calls to Medical Alert and/or Medical 
Hold customers when there is an outage, and a Solar+Storage Initiative for Medical 
Alert/Medical Hold customers. 
12.10 If the customer is a LIHEAP Qualified Participant, the current 20-day 
protection from disconnection for Medical Hold will increase to 30 days. A Medical Hold 
will not require proof of the reason for the hold. Before any disconnection, the Company will 
place a collection call to such customer that prompts the customer to contact the Company 
to establish an installment plan. Disconnection will be done in accordance with Section 12.8 
above. 
12.11 If the customer is a LIHEAP Qualified Paiiicipant and has established a 
Medical Ale1i with the Company, the current 20-day protection from disconnection will 
increase to 40 days. 
AES Indiana will send such Medical Ale1i customer additional 
correspondence requesting the establishment of an installment plan. 
13. 
Riders. 
13.1 
ECR. 
13.1.1 As recommended by OUCC witness Armstrong, AES Indiana's proposed 
tracking of consumables shall be approved subject to the modification that the amount of 
consumables cost embedded in the base rate revenue requirement shall be reduced by $2.9 
million as shown on AES Indiana Schedule OMS-S (included herewith in Settlement 
Agreement Attachment B). 
s 
13.1.2 As recommended by OUCC witness Armstrong, AES Indiana's Schedule 
OMS and the associated proposal to remove test year emission allowance costs and track 
100% of these costs through the ECR will be approved. 
13.2 
EDR. 
13.2.1 The Economic Development Rider will be approved as proposed by AES 
Indiana provided that prior to implementation AES Indiana will provide the OUCC and CAC 
with its internal policy manual outlining the criteria that will be used to determine the 
discount for qualifying customers consistent with the Evaluation Criteria in Standard 
Contract Rider No. 27 (EDR) included with the Company's filing as AES Indiana 
Attachment AJB-2. Any feedback regarding the criteria will be provided within 15 days 
after the Company provides a copy of the internal policy manual. 
13.2.2 AES Indiana will repo11 annually to the IURC, OUCC, and CAC the name 
of customers receiving service under the EDR, and the incentive amount provided subject to 
the protection of confidential, competitively sensitive information from disclosure. 
13.3 
FAC. 
13.3.1 The Company's base cost of fuel will be updated as recommended by 
OUCC witness Ecke11 and presented in the rebuttal testimony of Company witnesses 
Robinson and Steiner, which update reflects a fuel cost reduction of approximately $31.9 
million. The new base cost of fuel is $0.039027 per kWh as calculated in AES Indiana 
Schedule OM2-S (included herewith in Settlement Agreement Attachment B). 
13.3.2 The Company's proposal to move the Lakefield PPA adjustment to the OSS 
Rider so that all OSS margins will be reflected in the OSS Rider will be approved. 
13.3.3 As stated in the testimony of OUCC witness Ecke11, the Settling Pai1ies 
agree to continue the agreement between AES Indiana and the OUCC that allows the OUCC 
and intervenors to file their FAC related testimony and rep011 not more than 35 days after 
AES Indiana files its application and testimony. 
13.4 
OSS/CAP/RTO. 
13.4.1 As recommended by OUCC witness Lantrip, AES Indiana Schedule REV6 
will be approved. The retail revenue requirement shall embed $28.6 million of OSS margins 
as a benchmark for the OSS Rider as proposed by AES Indiana. 
13.4.2 AES Indiana Schedule REV9 will be approved. The Company's proposal 
to embed $19 million in the retail revenue requirement as the benchmark for the CAP Rider 
will also be approved. 
13.4.3 The retail revenue requirement shall embed MISO Non-fuel costs and 
revenues of $35.8 million and $3.6 million respectively as benchmarks for the RTO Rider as 
proposed by AES Indiana. 
6 
13.5 
Interruptible Tariff/Rider 19. AES Indiana's proposed Rider 19 (Interruptible 
Demand Response) shall be modified to expand customer class eligibility to include rates 
PH, SH, and SS and to allow aggregation of smaller commercial customers with demand less 
than the 100 kW minimum in this basic rate proceeding. AES Indiana will collaborate with 
the DSM Oversight Board on adding a minimum dollar per kilowatt value for the rate in 
Rider 19 and expanding terms and conditions of pa1ticipation as pmt of the next DSM Plan. 
While rate RS will not be included in Rider 19 as part of this Settlement, the Company will 
continue to include a residential demand response aggregation program proposal for rate RS 
to participate in Rider 19 in the broader Request for Proposals the Company is working to 
issue in 2023 to facilitate development of its next DSM Plan. To the extent the DSM 
Oversight Board finds adding rate RS to Rider 19 is a viable option, in the Company's DSM 
Plan proceeding to be initiated in 2024, the Company will report on this collaboration, 
present recommendations, and Rider 19 will be updated as necessary as part of that 
proceeding. 
14. 
AES Services Agreement. As recommended by OUCC witness Lantrip, the 
Settling Patties agree to Commission approval of AES Indiana's Adjustment OM-23, subject to 
the requirement that AES Indiana update the Commission and the Setting Parties on the status of 
the service agreement remaining in place beyond the beginning of January 2024. This notice will 
be provided by AES Indiana submitting a compliance filing in this docket. 
15. 
Vegetation Management. $25 million will be embedded in base rates for 
vegetation management on AES Indiana's distribution facilities as reflected in Schedule OM12-S 
(included herewith in Settlement Agreement Attachment B). The Vegetation Management Reserve 
will continue as established in Cause No. 45029. Pursuant to this Reserve, any sho1tfalls in annual 
vegetation management expenditures relative to the agreed amount embedded in base rates will be 
deferred. This deferral mechanism serves as a cap, and no amounts spent above the amount 
embedded in base rates on a cumulative basis will be deferred. In the Company's subsequent base 
rate case, any balance in this regulatory liability will be am01tized into the cost of service as a 
credit to the retail revenue requirement. 
16. 
Other. 
16.1 
Solely as a matter of compromise, the Settling Patties agree that the new basic 
rates approved by the Commission will be implemented by the Company for service rendered 
on and after the date the Commission approves the Company's new tariff assuming such 
approval comes expeditiously and no more than 20 days after the Company files its 
compliance tariffs in this proceeding. 
16.2 
The interest synchronization calculation will be calculated to reflect this 
Settlement Agreement. 
16.3 
Any revenue requirement matters not addressed by this Settlement Agreement 
will be as proposed by AES Indiana in its direct and rebuttal case. 
16.4 
AES Indiana will provide $50,000 in 2024 to help fund the "Power of 
Change" program and $50,000 to the Indiana Community Action Association to enable 
7 
income qualified weatherization of homes within AES Indiana's service area. AES Indiana's 
revenue deficiency in this Cause will not be adjusted to include the cost of this contribution. 
B. COST OF SERVICE, RATE DESIGN AND OTHER ISSUES. 
1. 
Residential Customer Charge. The Settling Pmiies agree to the following AES 
Indiana residential fixed, monthly customer charges: 
kWh/mo. 
Settlement 
:; 325 
$12.50 
> 325 
$17.00 
2. 
Declining Block Rate. With respect to AES Indiana's declining block rates, the 
Settling Pmiies agree to a reduction in the second block differential of 25%, with no change to the 
differential to the third block applicable to RH and RC customers. With the agreed residential 
customer charge and this modification to the block structure, the residential energy charges will 
be calculated to recover the remaining residential revenue requirement. This is calculated to result 
in the following residential energy charges: 
kWh 
Settlement 
First 500 kWh per month 
$0.125583 
Over 500 kWh 
$0.113985 
With electric heating and/or water heating 
$0.101571 
over 1000 kWh 
3. 
Residential Late Payment Charge. AES Indiana agrees that, once in a rolling 
twelve-month period, the Company will waive the late payment charge on a delinquent bill, 
provided payment is tendered not later than the last date for payment of net amount of the next 
succeeding month's bill. 
4. 
LIHEAP Customer Deposit. If an applicant for residential service or current 
customer is qualified by the Community Action Agency to pmticipate in the Low Income Home 
Energy Assistance Program ("LIHEAP Qualified Pmticipant"), the residential deposit amount will 
be limited to $50.00. LIHEAP qualification can be from the current or one-year prior heating 
season. 
5. 
EDG Reporting. As pmi of the annual peiformance metrics reporting in Cause 
Nos. 44576 and 44602, AES Indiana agrees to include monthly data that separately provides data 
on EDG tm·iff and Small Power Production tm·iff customer pmiicipation, broken down by 
residential and non-residential customers, and including data on b9th new and total (a) capacity 
8 
(kW-ac) installed, (b) number of customers, and (c) size of battery storage system (both kW and 
kWh) if one is part of the customer's system and that detail is provided to the Company by the 
customer. 
6. 
Multi-Family Rate. AES will collect data on residential customer housing types 
and analyze cost differentials between single- and multi-family residential customers. AES will 
consider a new multi-family rate for qualifying residential customers in its next rate case. In 
advance of its next rate case, AES will meet with CAC to discuss a potential multi-family rate and 
will also provide CAC and any other interested Settling Party the results of its analysis. 
7. 
Revenue Allocation. 
7 .1 
The Settling Parties agree that rates should be designed in order to allocate 
the revenue requirement to and among AES Indiana's customer classes in a fair and 
reasonable manner. For settlement purposes, the Settling Parties agree that Settlement 
Agreement Attachment C specifies the revenue allocation agreed to by all Settling Paiiies. 
This revenue allocation is determined strictly for settlement purposes and is without 
reference to any particular, specific cost allocation methodology. The demand allocators for 
AES Indiana's rate adjustment mechanisms are set fo1ih in Settlement Agreement 
Attachment D. 
7 .2 
The Settling Parties agree that Settlement Agreement Attachment E presents 
the "customer class revenue allocation factor[s] based on firm load," as that phrase is used 
in IC 8-1-39-9(a)(l) for recovery of transmission-related and distribution related costs. The 
Settling Parties agree that all revenues and allocation factors on Settlement Agreement 
Attachment E have had interruptible load removed. The Settling Pm1ies also agree that 
Settlement Agreement Attachment E reflects the percentage of distribution and transmission 
costs allocable to each individual Rate Code. 
8. 
Rate Design, Cost of Service and Other Issues. Prior to filing its next basic rate 
case, AES Indiana will discuss with Kroger, Walmart, Rolls-Royce and the Industrial Group, the 
creation of a low load factor rate. The Company agrees to prepare a low load factor analysis, 
including seeking input on eligibility criteria and other related issues in a timely manner sufficient 
to afford the named pai1ies a reasonable opp01iunity to provide meaningful input prior to the filing 
of the case. The Settling Paiiies agree that AES Indiana is not obligated to propose a low load 
factor rate or take a position in supp01i of or against any such rate structure in its next basic rate 
case. The Company will make the aforementioned analysis available to the other paiiies, but the 
Company is not required to include the analysis as part of its basic rate case filing though it will 
not oppose the use of the analysis, or modifications thereof by other pmiies. The Settling Pmiies 
further agree that all parties, including AES Indiana, will have the opp01iunity to take any position 
with respect to the aforementioned analysis as they deem appropriate in the next basic rate case 
and each reserves the right to present their own alternative analysis and proposals. 
9. 
Other Customer Charges Pro Fornm Adjustment. Other customer charges will 
include a $1.0 million pro forma adjustment to reflect a negotiated compromise to reduce the 
Residential revenues portion of total sales of electric energy. This adjustment is reflected on 
Schedule REVl0-S, Line 10 (included herewith in Settlement Agreement Attachment B). 
9 
10. 
City of Indianapolis. 
10.1 
Rates. The agreed rates for Tariff MU-1 customers set f01th in Settlement 
Agreement Attachment F shall be approved. 
10.2 
LED Change Out. AES Indiana shall analyze and develop a written report 
regarding the remaining Company owned HPS and MV lights, including ornamental lighting, 
and the cost and associated customer rate impact to conve1t such lights to LED lights of 
comparable illumination. The Company will solicit input from the City, other street lighting 
customers, and other interested Settling Parties on this analysis. The Company's report shall 
be submitted to the Commission as a compliance filing in this docket (subject to the 
protection of confidential information) within two years after issuance of a Commission Final 
Order approving this Settlement Agreement. 
10.3 
AES Indiana's Next Basic Rate Case. In its next basic rate case, AES Indiana 
will present an analysis of LED street lighting O&M versus other street lighting O&M and 
an analysis of whether LED street lighting should be treated as a separate class or subclass 
of street lighting. Within this analysis, the Company will differentiate the energy, customer 
accounts, O&M, and depreciation. 
While AES Indiana has agreed to conduct the 
aforementioned analysis, the Settling Patties agree that AES Indiana is not obligated to 
propose that LED street lighting be treated as a separate class or subclass or take a position 
in supp01t of or against any particular rate structure in its next basic rate case. The Settling 
Patties further agree that Settling Parties, including AES Indiana, will have the opp01tunity 
to take any position with respect to the aforementioned analysis as they deem appropriate in 
the next basic rate case, and each Settling Patty reserves the right to present its own 
alternative analysis and proposal. 
10.4 
Streetlight relocations for capital projects. AES Indiana agrees that when 
streetlights under the Tariff MU-1 City Street Lighting with CIAC rates agreed to in this 
Settlement Agreement ("City CIAC Rate(s)") are required to be relocated for a capital 
improvement project, regardless of the distance of the relocation, such street lights shall not 
be considered "new construction" provided the existing facilities are re-used in the new 
location. AES Indiana will make reasonable efforts to re-use the existing facilities and will 
advise the City if the facilities cannot be re-used and the reasons for its inability to do so. In 
this scenario, the City will be charged the applicable City CIAC Rate for ongoing energy 
service to the street light. This Section does not address the obligation to pay for the 
relocation of the facilities. Nothing in this Paragraph shall be interpreted to conflict with the 
City Revised Code Sections 645-701 through 645-706, or as amended, or 170 Ind. Adm in. 
Code 4-1-28. 
10.5 
Other. AES Indiana and the City agree to engage in discussions within 60 
days of the final evidentiary hearing on this Settlement Agreement (irrespective of a final 
order in this docket) regarding: response time in repair and replacement of lights that have 
been rep01ted as out/broken by the City; advancement of the current list of planned light 
placement still available under the current contract; ornamental street lighting repair; 
relocation issues and costs within the City's rights of ways; vegetation management around 
street lighting; and the placement of temporary lighting on private construction projects when 
10 
street lighting is removed for the project, and other issues as needed. These discussions shall 
occur no less often than quarterly, with those with the appropriate decision making authority 
from both AES Indiana and the City present. The City and AES Indiana agree that the first 
meeting shall specifically address planned and pending (but not yet installed) street lighting 
and AES Indiana's vegetation management policy around street light infrastructure for which 
the City is a customer. At this first meeting, AES Indiana and the City shall discuss a longer 
term plan for the installation of additional lights and/or conversion of existing street lights to 
LED. 
C. 
REMAINING ISSUES. Any matters not addressed by this Settlement Agreement 
will be adopted as proposed by AES Indiana in its direct and rebuttal case. 
II. 
PRESENTATION OF THE SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT TO THE 
COMMISSION. 
A. 
The Settling Pm1ies shall supp011 this Settlement Agreement before the 
Commission and request that the Commission expeditiously accept and approve the Settlement 
Agreement by the April 24, 2024 target order date. 
B. 
The Settling Pai1ies may file testimony specifically supporting the Settlement 
Agreement. The Settling Parties agree to provide each other with an opportunity to review drafts 
of testimony supp011ing the Settlement Agreement and to consider the input of the other Settling 
Parties. Such evidence, together with the evidence previously prefiled in this Cause, will be 
offered into evidence without objection and the Settling Pm1ies hereby waive cross-examination 
of each other's witnesses. The Settling Pai1ies submit this Settlement Agreement and related 
evidence conditionally, and if the Commission fails to approve this Settlement Agreement in its 
entirety without any change or condition(s) unacceptable to any Settling Party, the Settlement and 
supporting evidence shall be withdrawn, and the Commission will continue to hear Cause No. 
45911 with the proceedings resuming at the point they were suspended by the filing of this 
Settlement Agreement. 
C. 
A Commission Order approving this Settlement Agreement shall be effective 
immediately, and the agreements contained herein shall be unconditional, effective, and binding 
on all Settling Pm1ies upon incorporation and approval in a Final Order of the Commission. 
III. 
EFFECT AND USE OF SETTLEJVIENT AGREEMENT. 
A. 
It is understood that this Settlement Agreement is reflective of a negotiated 
settlement, and neither the making of this Settlement Agreement nor any of its provisions shall 
constitute an admission by any Settling Party in this or any other litigation or proceeding except 
to the extent necessary to implement and enforce its terms. It is also understood that each and 
every term of this Settlement Agreement is in consideration and support of each and every other 
term. 
B. 
Neither the making of this Settlement Agreement (nor the execution of any of the 
other documents or pleadings required to effectuate the provisions of this Settlement Agreement), 
nor the provisions thereof, nor the entry by the Commission of a Final Order approving this 
11 
Settlement Agreement, shall establish any principles or legal precedent applicable to Commission 
proceedings other than those resolved herein. 
C. 
This Settlement Agreement shall not constitute and shall not be used as precedent 
by any person or entity in any other proceeding or for any other purpose, except to the extent 
necessary to implement or enforce this Settlement Agreement. 
D. 
This Settlement Agreement is solely the result of compromise in the settlement 
process and except as provided herein, is without prejudice to and shall not constitute a waiver of 
any position that any Settling Party may take with respect to any or all of the items resolved here 
and in any future regulatory or other proceedings. 
E. 
The Settling Parties agree the evidence in support of this Settlement Agreement 
constitutes substantial evidence sufficient to support this Settlement Agreement and provides an 
adequate evidentiary basis upon which the Commission can make any findings of fact and 
conclusions of law necessary for the approval of this Settlement Agreement, as filed. The Settling 
Parties shall prepare and file an agreed proposed order with the Commission as soon as reasonably 
possible after the filing of this Settlement Agreement and the final evidentiary hearing. 
F. 
The communications and discussions during the negotiations and conferences and 
any materials produced and exchanged concerning this Settlement Agreement all relate to offers 
of settlement and shall be confidential, without prejudice to the position of any Settling Pai1y, and 
are not to be used in any manner in connection with any other proceeding or otherwise. 
G. 
The undersigned Settling Parties have represented and agreed that they are fully 
authorized to execute the Settlement Agreement on behalf of their respective clients, and their 
successor and assigns, which will be bound thereby. 
H. 
The Settling Pai1ies shall not appeal or seek rehearing, reconsideration, or a stay of 
the Commission Order approving this Settlement Agreement in its entirety and without change or 
conclition(s) unacceptable to any Settling Party (or related orders to the extent such orders are 
specifically implementing the provisions of this Settlement Agreement). 
I. 
The provisions of this Settlement Agreement shall be enforceable by any Settling 
Party upon approval and incorporation into a Final Order first before the Commission and 
thereafter in any state com1 of competent jurisdiction as necessary. 
J. 
This Settlement Agreement may be executed in two or more counterpai1s, each of 
which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. 
ACCEPTED and AGREED as of the 22nd day of November, 2023. 
12 
..., 
j 
~ 
AES INDIANA 
j 
;' !• 
lf-., 
I / Ii ·; l 
i /\/' d:f•-,"'f1'/4 
u 
Chad Rogers 
Director, Regulatory Affairs 
AES Indiana 
One Monument Circle 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 
INDIANA OFFICE OF UTILITY CONSUMER COUNSELOR 
Randall C. Helmen 
T. Jason Haas 
Carol Sparks Drake 
Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor 
115 West Washington Street 
Suite 1500 South 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 
AESI INDUSTRIAL GROUP 
Joseph P. Rompala 
Aaron A. Schmol 1 
LEWIS & KAPPES, P.C. 
One American Square, Suite 2500 
Indianapolis, IN 46282 
CITIZENS ACTION COALITION OF 
INDIANA, INC. 
Kerwin L. Olson 
Citizens Action Coalition 
I 915 W. 18th Street, Suite C 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46202 
13 
AES INDIANA 
Chad Rogers 
Director, Regulatory Affairs 
AES Indiana 
One Monument Circle 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 
INDIANA OFFICE OF UTILITY CONSUMER COUNSELOR 
Randall C. Helmen 
T. Jason Haas 
Carol Sparks Drake 
Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor 
115 West Washington Street 
Suite 1500 South 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 
AESI INDUSTRIAL GROUP 
Joseph P. Rompala 
Aaron A. Schmoll 
LEWIS & KAPPES, P.C. 
One American Square, Suite 2500 
Indianapolis, IN 46282 
CITIZENS ACTION COALITION OF 
INDIANA, INC. 
Kerwin L. Olson 
.ill .; 
1 
9 
AES INDIANA 
Chad Rogers 
Director, Regulatory Affairs 
AES Indiana 
One Monument Circle 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 
INDIANA OFFICE OF UTILITY CONSUMER COUNSELOR 
Randall C. Helmen 
T. Jason Haas 
Carol Sparks Drake 
Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor 
115 West Washington Street 
Suite 1500 South 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 
AESI INDUSTRIAL GROUP 
.. • 
.~······- /. ,,.:.·1 .J, -· 
. , ~;-· 
1~,~;,~[f1-t~~ip~i~ :,~ :.~:;;!f,....·;r_··_·:.-_
✓·_·-- - - - - - - -
\ / 
.•· A S hm 11 
.~ ' ·• 
i '~l)'('ill 
, 
C 
O r"" > ,. 
)'.FWIS & KAPPES;".f>.c. 
One American Square, Suite 2500 
Indianapolis, IN 46282 
CITIZENS ACTION COALITION OF 
INDIANA, INC. 
Kerwin L. Olson 
Citizens Action Coalition 
1915 W. 18th Street, Suite C 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46202 
13 
AES INDIANA 
Chad Rogers 
Director, Regulatory Affairs 
AES Indiana 
One Monument Circle 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 
INDIANA OFFICE OF UTILITY CONSUMER COUNSELOR 
Randall C. Helmen 
T. Jason Haas 
Carol Sparks Drake 
Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor 
115 West Washington Street 
Suite 1500 South 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 
AESI INDUSTRIAL GROUP 
Joseph P. Rompala 
Aaron A. Schmoll 
LEWIS & KAPPES, P.C. 
One American Square, Suite 2500 
Indianapolis, IN 46282 
CITIZENS ACTION COALITION OF 
INDIANA, INC. 
~4,/,. ✓ Jf/'7 
{,al{X &ee:: 
Kerwin L. Olson 
Citizens Action Coalition 
1915 W. 18th Street, Suite C 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46202 
13 
THE KROGER CO. 
John P. Cook 
John P. Cook & Associates 
900 W. Jefferson Street 
Franklin, Indiana 46131 
KmtJ. Boehm 
Jody Kyler Cohn 
Boehm, Kmtz & Lowry 
36 East Seventh Street, Suite 1510 
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202 
WALMART 
Eric E. Kinder 
SPILMAN THOMAS & BATTLE, PLLC 
300 Kanawha Boulevard, East 
P. 0. Box 273 
Charleston, WV 25321 
Barry A. Naum 
Steven W. Lee 
SPILMAN THOMAS & BATTLE, PLLC 
1100 Bent Creek Boulevard, Suite 101 
Mechanicsburg, PA 17050 
14 
THE KROGER CO. 
Jolm P. Cook 
John P, Cook & Associates 
900 W. Jefferson Street 
Franklin, Indiana 46131 
Kurt J. Boehm 
Jody Kyler Cohn 
Boehm, Kurtz & Lowry 
36 East Seventh Street, Suite l 510 
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202 
WAI.MART 
Eric E. Kinder 
SPILMAN Tl·ImvtAS & BATTLE, PLLC 
300 Kanawha Boulevard, East 
P. 0. Box 273 
Charleston, WV 25321 
Barry A. Nnum 
Steven W. Lee 
SPILMAN TIIOMAS & BATTLE, PLLC 
1100 Bent Creek Boulevard, Sultc l O I 
l\frdwnicsburg. PA 17050 
14 
ROLLS-ROYCE CORPORATION 
Bose McKinney & Evans LLP 
111 Monument Circle, Suite 2700 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 
CITY OF INDIANAPOLIS 
Anne E. Becker 
LEWIS & KAPPES, P.C. 
One American Square, Suite 2500 
Indianapolis, IN 46282 
40843469v5 
15 
ROLLS-ROYCE CORPORATION 
Nikki G. Shoultz 
Kristina Kern Wheeler 
Bose McKinney & Evans LLP 
111 Monument Circle, Suite 2700 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 
CONSOLIDATED C1TY OF INDIANAPOLIS AND MARION COUNTY 
Matt Giffin 
Corporation Counsel 
Consolidated City of Indianapolis and Marion 
County 
15 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment A 
Revenue Requirement Impact 
1 
(in 000s) 
Final Settlement 
AES Indiana Exhibit 
-' 
Item 
RevReq Impact 
Revenue Requirement 
AESI-OPER Schedule 
~ 
Starting Point - AES Indiana Direct 
$ 
1,737,766 
OPINC 
~ 
Remove ACE Legacy RB - $94k 
$ 
(7) $ 
1,737,759 
RB3 
ACE O&M Reduce by $3.041M 
$ 
(3,058) $ 
1,734,701 
OM18 
Remove ACE Legacy O&M by $141k 
$ 
(143) $ 
1,734,558 
OM18 
Amortize 3 yrs to 4 yrs - Reg Assets 
$ 
(2,457) $ 
1,732,101 
RB9 
Reduction of Rate Case Expense to $3.0M 
$ 
(665) $ 
1,731,436 
OM21 
Amortize 3 yrs to 4 yrs - RC Exp 
$ 
(251) $ 
1,731,185 
OM21 
ROE in Cost of Capital 10.6% to 9.90% 
$ 
(14,880) $ 
1,716,305 
CC2 
PPD Pension in Cost of Capital from $166.2 to $131.1 
$ 
(2,097) $ 
1,714,208 
CC2 
Depreciation Expense - Change methodology to ALG 
$ 
(24,933) $ 
1,689,275 
DEPR 
IURC Fee Update 
$ 
513 
$ 
1,689,788 
OM28, REVREQ2 
Reduction to O&M Expense 
$ 
(2,279) $ 
1,687,509 
OM22 
1 
O&M Payroll Decrease by $3.SM 
$ 
(3,493) $ 
1,684,016 
OMlS 
~ 
O&M Payroll Tax Decrease by $0.3M 
$ 
(283) $ 
1,683,733 
OTX3 
7' 
Extend Amortization of Pete 1 and 2 - Reduce RB 
$ 
(4,152) $ 
1,679,581 
RB9 
Remove NOx Inventory in RB by $648k 
$ 
(55) $ 
1,679,526 
RB7 
Consumables - lower benchmark 
$ 
(2,905) $ 
1,676,621 
OMS 
Base Cost of Fuel Reduction 
$ 
(32,099) $ 
1,644,522 
OM2 
Total Decrease in Revenue Requirment 
$ 
(93,244) 
Base Cost of Fuel 
$ 
32,099 
Total Decrease in Rev Req less Base Cost of Fuel 
$ 
(61,145) 
Total Sales of Electric 
~ 
AES Indiana Direct: 
Total Op Revenue 
Energy 
Revenue Deficiency 
$ 
134,242 
$ 
138,290 
Revenues at Present Rates Pro Forma 
$ 
1,603,524 
$ 
1,578,113 
Overall Increase 
8.37% 
8.76% 
AES Indiana Rebuttal: 
Revenue Deficiency 
$ 
122,880 
$ 
126,928 
Revenues at Present Rates Pro Forma 
$ 
1,571,S99 
$ 
1,546,189 
Overall Increase 
7.82% 
8.21% 
AES Indiana Settlement: 
Revenue Deficiency 
$ 
72,923 
$ 
75,971 
Revenues at Present Rates Pro Forma 
$ 
1,571,599 
$ 
1,546,189 
Overall Increase 
4.64% 
4.91% 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment B 
.Ji: 
.~ 
"j 
~ 
~ ' 
j 
AES Indiana 
Weighted Average Cost of Capital 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Balance at 
Line 
December 31, 
No. 
Component of Capitalization 
2022 
(Col.1) 
Long-Term Debt 
$ 
2,153,036 
2 
Preferred Stock 
3 
Common Equity 
1,943,109 
4 
Customer Deposits 
35,097 
5 
Prepaid Pension Asset (net of OPES liability) 
(133,100} 
6 
Deferred Income Taxes 
382,560 
7 
Post 1970 ITC 
24 
8 
Totals 
$ 
4,380,726 
(1) Please see AES Indiana Attachment HMR-2 
(2) Provided by AES Indiana Witness McKenzie 
(3) Computed as the weighted return on investor-supplied capital: 
Long-Term Debt 
$ 
2,153,036 
Preferred Stock 
Common Equity 
1,943,109 
$ 
4,096,145 
Percent 
of 
Total 
(Col. 2) 
49.15% 
-% 
44.36% 
0.80% 
(3.04)% 
8.73% 
-% 
100.00% 
52.56% 
-% 
47.44 % 
100.00% 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment B 
Schedule CC2·S 
Return 
Rate 
(Col.3) 
4.90% 
-% 
9.90% 
6.00% 
-o/0 
-% 
7.28% 
4.90% 
-% 
9.90% 
Weighted 
Return 
Rate 
(Col. 4) 
2.41 % 
-% 
4.39% 
0.05% 
-% 
-% 
-% 
6.85% 
2.58% 
-% 
4.70% 
7.28% 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper CC2. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment B 
Schedule REVREQ1-S 
AES Indiana 
Allowable Electric Operating Income Requirement 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
No. 
Original cost rate base 
2 
Rate of return 
3 
Allowable electric operating income 
4 
Less: Electric operating income proforma 
at present rates 
5 
Deficiency in electric operating income 
6 
Revenue conversion factor 
7 
Deficiency in electric operating revenue 
8 
Additional operating revenue produced by 
proposed rates 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
(Col.1) 
3,455,111 
6.85% 
236,673 
182,052 
54,621 
0.747322 
73,090 
73,090 
Supporting 
AES Indiana Financial Exhibit 
Reference 
(Col. 2) 
AESI-RB, Schedule RB1 
Column 6, Line 9 
AESI-CC, Schedule CC2 
Line 1 multiplied by Line 2 
AESI-OPER, Schedule 
OPING, Column 4, Line 13 
AESI-REVREO, Schedule 
REVREQ2, Line 19 
Line 5 divided by Line 6 
AESI-OPER, Schedule 
OPING, Column 5, Line 1 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
j 
Line 
No. 
Revenue 
2 
Less: 
Uncollectibles 
3 
Public utility fee 
4 
State tax base 
5 
Times: State tax rate 
6 
Ellective state tax rate 
7 
Revenue 
8 
Less: 
9 
Uncollectibles 
Public utility fee 
1 0 
Effective state tax rate 
11 
Federal tax base 
12 
Times: Federal tax rate 
13 
Effective federal tax rate for taxable income 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
Revenue 
Less: 
Uncollectibles 
Public utility fee 
Effective state tax rate 
Effective federal tax rate for income 
Revenue conversion lactor 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settfement Agreement Attachment B 
Schedule REVREQ2-S 
Gross Revenue Conversioti Factor 
At December 31, 2022 
(Col.1) 
1.000000 
0.003814 
0.001468 
0.994718 
0.049000 
0.048741 
1.000000 
0.003814 
0.001468 
0.048741 
0.945977 
0.210000 
0.198655 
1.000000 
0.003814 
0.001468 
0.048741 
0.198655 
0.747322 
Supporting AESI Financial 
Exhibit Reference 
(Col. 2) 
AESI-OPER, Schedule OM27 
AESI-OPER, Schedule OM28 
AESI-OPER, Schedule TX3 
AESI-OPER, Schedule OM27 
AESI-OPER, Schedule OM28 
Line 6, above 
Line 7, less Lines 8-10 
AESI-OPER, Schedule TX2 
AESI-OPER, Schedule OM27 
AESI-OPER, Schedule OM28 
Line 6, above 
Line 13, above 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
Line 
No. 
Description 
Per books (Schedules RB2, RB7, RBS, RB9) 
2 
Add ACE Project (Schedule RB3) 
AES Indiana 
Original Cost Electric Rate Base 
Per Books at December 31, 2022 and Pro Forma 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Plant 
in 
Service 
(Col.1) 
7,077,649 
$ 
94,071 
Accumulated 
Depreciation 
And 
Amortization 
(Col.2) 
(4,057,940) $ 
3 
Remove Eagle Valley Outage Capital Costs and Pete 2 and Pete 1 & 2 Shared Assets (Schedule RB4) 
(512,743) 
492,909 
4 Remove non~jurisdictional MISO MTEP plant in 
service {Schedule RB5) 
Remove rlet asset retirement cost {Schedule AB6) 
Adjustment to materials & supplies inventory (Schedule RB7) 
Adjustment to fuel stock inventory (Schedule ABB) 
Adjustment to regulatory assets (Schedule RB9) 
9 Pro lorma original cost rate base 
(20,788) 
(196,676) 
6,441 514 
$ 
3,447 
154,349 
(3,407,235) $ 
Materials 
and 
Supplies 
Inventory 
(Col,3) 
115,958 
$ 
(4,923) 
111,035 
$ 
Fuel Stock 
Inventory 
(Col.4) 
55,780 $ 
(26.728) 
29,052 $ 
Regulatory 
Assets 
(Col. 5) 
404,947 
(124,202) 
Totals 
(Col. 6) 
3,596.393 
Line 
No. 
94,071 
2 
(19,834) 
(17,341) 
4 
(42,326) 
(4,923) 
6 
(26.728) 
(124,202) 
2ao,745 =$===3=,4,.s..,5,.,1=11_ 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Include Addition of ACE Project 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
No. 
Description 
1 
Miscellaneous Intangible Plant (Software System) 
2 
AFUDC 
3 
Net projected and per book totals 
Net proforma addition to plant in service (See Schedule RB1, Line 
4 
2, Column 1) 
$ 
Total 
Projected 
Project 
Costs 
(Col. 1) 
89,H~7 
$ 
4,904 
94,071 
$ 
Total 
Per Books 
In Service at 
Dec 31, 2022 
(Col. 2) 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper RB3. 
Pro Forma 
Line 
Adjustment 
No. 
(Col. 3) 
$ 
89,167 
1 
4,904 
2 
94,071 
-
=$========== 
3 
$ 
94,071 
4 
Line 
No. 
December 31, 2021 
2 
January 31, 2022 
3 
February 28, 2022 
4 
March 31, 2022 
5 
April 30, 2022 
6 
May 31, 2022 
7 
June 30, 2022 
8 
July 31, 2022 
9 
August31,2022 
10 
September 30, 2022 
11 
October 31 , 2022 
12 
November 30, 2022 
13 
December 31, 2022 
14 
Average 
AES Indiana 
Electric Materials and Supplies Inventory 
Per Books at December 31, 2022 and Pro Forma 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
T&D 
Other 
Non-Capital Spare 
Materials & Supplies 
5 Mo. Average 
13 Mo. Average 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
$ 
-$ 
60,653 
60,990 
61,421 
61,590 
61,697 
61,035 
60,159 
60,794 
43,555 
61,239 
49,360 
61,598 
50,616 
61,719 
51,610 
61,904 
53,335 
62,623 
$ 
49,695 $ 
61,340 
15 
Less: Per books al December 31, 2022 
16 
Proforma adjustment (Line 14, less Line 15) (See Schedule RB1, Line 6, Column 3) 
Total Average 
(Col. 3) 
$ 
111,035 
115,958 
$ 
(4,923) 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper RB?. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
en en ► 
g a rn 
Q. CD 
-
C 3 :S 
a;- CD~ 
:s ., 
:II -
:s 
m '1>., 
-., IO r,:, 
' 
~ 0 
en 
CD 
I\J 
CD 
c., 
3 m 
CD 
O> 
:s 
1/) 
; ;;-
::: :II 
., ., 
0 
-
::,-
Cl) 
3 (") 
CD 
I» 
:s 
1/) 
-
CD 
m 
AES Indiana 
Regulatory Assets lncludable as Electric Rate Base 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
Description 
Unamortized Petersburg Unit No. 4 deferred costs and carrying charges: 
Unit 4 depreciation and post-in-service AFUDC deterred from the 
April 28, 1986 in-service date through the August 6, 1986 IURC order 
in Cause No. 37837 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC from the August 6, 1986 
IURC order in Cause No. 37837 through the August 24. 1995 IURC 
order in Cause No. 39938 
Total Petersburg Unit No. 4 deferred costs 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC on projects approved in the 
November 14, 2002 IURC order in Cause No. 42770, the November 
30, 2004 IURC order in Cause No. 42700, the April 2, 2008 IURC 
order in Cause No. 43403, the August 14, 2013 IURC order in Cause 
No. 44242. and the July 29, 2015 IURC order in Cause No. 44540 
5 
Unamortized deterred depreciation on projects _approved in the 
April 2, 2008 IURC order in Cause No. 43403, the August 14. 2013 
IURC order in Cause No. 44242, and the July 29, 2015 IURC order in 
Cause No. 44540 
6 
Depreciation of NAAOS-DBA deferred per the April 26, 2017 order 
in Cause No. 44794 
7 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC for NAAOS-DBA per the 
April 26, 2017 order in Cause No. 44794 
8 
Depreciation of CCR Bottom Ash deferred per the April 26, 2017 order 
in Cause No. 44794 
9 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC for CCR Bottom Ash per the 
April 26, 2017 order in Cause No. 44794 
$ 
Regulatory 
Projected 
Asset 
Activity 
Balance at 
Through 
12/31/2022 
5/31/2023 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
2,478 
1,388 
3,866 
10,833 
14,012 
36 
71 
847 
353 
Less: 
Temporary 
Rates 
Credit 
(Col. 3) 
$ 
Annual 
Pro Forma 
Amortization to 
Adjusted 
Electric 
Line 
Balances 
Cost of Service 
No. 
(Col.4) 
(Col. 5) 
2,478 $ 
676 
2 
1,388 
379 
3,866 
1,055 
(1) 
3 
4 
10,833 
988 
(2) 
5 
14,012 
'ti en 
en 
l> 
., 
0 
CD 
m 
CD :r = en 
1,401 
(3) 
CD 
CD 
CD 
C. 
5' 
C: 
3 
C. 
2. CD 
CD 
;;· 
JS JJ =-
::, 
6 
to l> ., 
co cc "' 
36 
71 
4 
(4) 
(/J a 
0 "' 
CD "' 
3 
to 
CD 
., 
7 
=-
~-
?: 
::0 
7 
(5) 
iii ., 
0 
CD 
:r 
3 
0 
CD 
., 
8 
=-
"' 
CD 
847 
85 
(6) 
to 
9 
353 
35 
(7) 
Biltll lLuli/hiJ 
lhlhlllllUIIIIIHI, 
Regulatory 
Projected 
Less: 
Annual 
Asset 
Activity 
Temporary 
Pro Forma 
Amortization to 
Line 
Balance at 
Through 
Rates 
Adjusted 
Electric 
Line 
No. 
Description 
12/31/2022 
5/31/2023 
Credit 
Balances 
Cost of Service 
No. 
(Col. 1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
(Col. 4) 
(Col. 5) 
10 
Depreciation of NAAOS-Other projects deferred per the April 26, 2017 order 
10 
in Cause No. 44794 
$ 
471 
$ 
471 
47 
(8) 
11 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC for NAAOS-Other projects 
11 
per the April 26, 2017 order in Cause No. 44794 
359 
359 
36 
(9) 
12 
Depreciation of Eagle Valley CCGT and Harding Street 5 & 6 Refueling 
12 
deferred per the May 14, 2014 IURC order in Cause No. 44339 
16,335 
16,335 
838 
(10) 
~ gi 
CJ) 
)> 
~ m 
tO i 
CJ) 
13 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC for the Eagle Valley CCGT and 
13 
(1) 
'° 
"" 
a. 
3" 
C 
3 
a. 
Harding Street 5 & 6 refueling per the May 14, 2014 IURC order in Cause 
~ '° 
(1) 
iii" 
::IJ 
~ 
~ 
No. 44339 
33,110 
33,110 
1,643 
(11) 
~ 
)> 
tO "" 
en 
iil 
0 
"" 
3 
c., 
14 
Electric vehicle regulatory asset deferred per the March 18, 2015 IURC 
14 
(1) 
gi 
order in Cause No. 44478 
625 
625 
106 
(12) 
~ (J) 
i 
;:;· 
"?? 
iii 
15 
Harding Street Unit 7 Preservation Costs deferred per the June 22, 
15 
:,-
3 Q 
(1) 
2016 IURC order in Cause No. 42170 - ECR 26 
1,482 
1,482 
423 
(13) 
~ 
(J) 
(1) 
Ill 
16 
20% HS7 Gas Conversion revenue requirement deferred per the 
16 
July 29, 2015 IURC order in Cause No. 44540 
(2,151) 
(2,151) 
(538) 
(14) 
Regulatory 
Projected 
Less: 
Annual 
Asset 
Activity 
Temporary 
Pro Forma 
Amortization to 
Line 
Balance at 
Through 
Rates 
Adjusted 
Electric 
Line 
No. 
Description 
12/31/2022 
5/31/2023 
Credit 
Balances 
Cost of Service 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
(Col. 5) 
17 
20% NPDES revenue requirement deferred per the July 29, 2015 
17 
IURC order in Cause No. 44540 
$ 
14,439 
$ 
14,439 $ 
3,610 
(14) 
18 
20% NAAQS DBA revenue requirement deferred per the April 26, 2017 
18 
IURC order in Cause No. 44794 
719 
719 
180 
(15) 
19 
20% CCR Bottom Ash revenue requirement deferred per the April 26. 2017 
19 
IURC order in Cause No. 44794 
1,593 
1,593 
398 
(15) 
20 
20% NAAQS other revenue requirement deferred per the April 26, 2017 
20 
IURC order in Cause No. 44794 
2,198 
2,198 
549 
(15) 
21 
Unamortized Petersburg Unit 1 capital costs at retirement date 
21 
.,, 
(/J 
(/J 
)> 
I» 
0 
~ m 
deferred per the November 17, 2021 IURC order in Cause No. 45502 
40,876 
40.876 
(16) 
IQ 
:r 
(/J 
5,000 
CD 
CD 
i6" 
"' 
Q. 
;; 
C: 
3 
Q. 
5a. 
i6" 
CD 
;r 
22 
Unamortized Petersburg 2 (& Pete 1 &2 Shared) capital costs at retirement 
22 
... 
:,J a ::, 
III )> 
I» 
date deferred per the November 17, 2021 IURC order in Cause No. 45502 
239,920 
(124,202) 
115.718 
11,572 (16.1) 
~; "' 
0 
CD .., 
3 "' 
CD 
III 
23 
Depreciation of TOSIC deferred per the March 4. 2020 IURC order 
23 
a 
I» 
In 
:e 
0 
in Cause No. 45264, original filing 
6,737 
6,737 
189 
(17) 
.; 
:,J 
0 
I» 
:r i6" 
24 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC for TOSIC per the 
24 
3 
(') 
CD 
I» 
a 
In 
March 4, 2020 IURC order in Cause No. 45264, original filing 
11,133 
11,133 
309 
(18) 
III .. 
25 
20% TOSIC Distribution revenue requirement deferred per the March 4, 
25 
2020 IURC order in Cause No. 45264, TOSIC 1 
6,073 
6,073 
1.518 
(19) 
26 
27 
28 
29 
30 
31 
lldlilil,ldLrai~A,dllillWw,iiillliilo~Lli ..... lllii,,lliollillllllUil, ,ld1,W;;J,i,i,H,,1111>11 
2020 IURC order in Gause No. 45264. TOSIC 1 
Descrtptlon 
20% TOSIC Transmission revenue r.-iquitemenl deletred per the March 4, 
2020 IURC ordet' in Cause No. 45264, TOSIC 1 
Total ol ra1e base regulatory assels. agrees to RBS-WPl 
Net pro lorma regulatory assets adl'-1stmen1 {See Schedule AB1, Line B) 
Eagla Valley lorced OlJtaga- FAC 13351 Senlemenl & Order. nol Included in 
rate base and amortized ov&! 25 years (see Schedule AB4) 
Foregone revenues deferred related 10 COVID-19 per the June 29, 2020 
IURC ordei- in Cause No. 45380-Phase 1 
Total regulatory assets not included in rale base 
Total pro 1orma amortlza!lon eKpense 
(included In Schedule DEPA} 
6,073 
Regulatory 
P1ojected 
Asset 
Activlty 
Balance at 
Through 
12/3112022 
5'3112023 
(Col.1) 
{Col.2) 
1,010 
404,947 $ 
(124,202) $ 
11,022 
5,426 
16,448 $ 
-s 
111 
The pro lorma aMual amortiza1ian was calculaled by dividing tne original cost ot $32,688,591 by the useful life ol 31 years a, August 31. 1995. 
Less: 
Temporary 
Rates 
Credi! 
(Col.JI 
-$ 
(124,202) 
-$ 
(21 
The pro lorma annual amorlizatkln was calculated by dividing toe original post in SefVice AFUOC on PetersbUrg assels by the useful by a 10 year amor1tza.11on period 
based on the depreciation s1udy and consts1en1 with P9tersburg Unil 2 assets. HS7 carrying costs are amortized at the same level as approvad in lhe prior rale case. 
6,073 
1,51B 
Annual 
Pro Forma 
Amorlization!c, 
Adjusted 
Electric 
Balances 
Costo!Servu::e 
(Col.4) 
(Col.SJ 
1,010 $ 
252 
2B0,745 s 
29.707 
11,022 
'41 
5,426 
1,357 
16,448 
31,505 
(31 
The pro lonna annual amortization was calculaled by dividing Iha original dele«ed depreciation by a 1 D year amortization period based on the depreciatior1 s1udy and CMSistenl with Petersburg Unit 2 asAAts. 
{191 
j19i 
(20\ 
(211 
(22, 
Tha pro farina annual amortization was calculaled by dividing lhe deferred deprecfalion for U1e NAAOS-DBA projecbl by a 10 year amortization based on the depreciation sl\Jdy and conslstanl with PetersbUfg Unit 2 
(4] 
assa1s. 
The proforma annual amortization was calculated by dividing 1he deferred carrying charges for the NAAOS-DBA projects by a 1 O year amortization period based on the depreciation study and consistent w11h 
(51 
Pelersburg Unit 2 assets. 
The pro to1ma annual amortizalion was calculated by dividing 1he deferred depreciation for the CCR Bottom Ash projects by a 10 year amortization period based on the depreciation Sludy and consistenl with 
(61 
Petersburg Unit 2 assets, 
The pro lorma annual amorlization was calCtJlaled by dividing the deferred carrying charges for Iha CCR Bollom Ash projaCls by a IO year amorlizatl0f1 period based on the depreciation study and consisten! IMlh 
(71 
Petersburg Unit 2 assets. 
The pro lorma annual amonlzatlon was calculaled by dividing the deferred depreclallon for the NAAOS-Other projects by a 10 year amorllzation peiiod based on lhe depreciation studv and consislent with Pe1ersbu19 
(61 
Unil2assr11s. 
The pro lorma annual amortization was calculated by dividing lhe deferred carrying charges for the NAAOS•Other projects by a 10 veer amortization period based on the depreciation study and consistent with 
(91 
PetersburgUnlt2assets. 
[10) 
The pro forms annual amonimdon was calculated by dividing 111e deferred depreciation for the Eagle Valley CCGT and the Harding Street 5 & 6 Refueling by the remaining useful lffe. 
(11) 
The pro lorma annual amonizauon was calculated by dividing tM deleired pos1 in--servica AFUDC for the Eagle Valley CCGT ancl the Harding StrMt 5 & 6 Refueling by the r&matn1ng uselul life, 
(12) 
The pro torma annual amortizallon was calculated by dividing Iha electric vehicle delarred asset by a 10 year amorlizal10fl period fagrgt!s to prior rale casaJ. 
(1.11 
The pro torma annual amon,za1ion was catculaled by dividing tM ori91no\l deferred Hanfing Street 7 Preservation costs ol $4.233,695 . .tD by i'I ien yeai amonizat1on period (agrees to prior rate case). 
(141 
The pro torma annual amonizalion was calculaled by dividing tne delarrsd 20% HS7 Gas Conversion and NPDES Revenue Reqwements by a 3 year amortization period. 
(151 
The p,o lorma annual amorllzalton was calculated by dividing tne delerr9d 20% NAAOS-DBA, CCR Bottom Ash, and NAAOS.Other Revenue Requlreman!s by a 3 year amortlzaUon period. 
(16) 
The p,o farina annual amortlzallon for Petetsburg Uni! 1 & 2 is equal to the depreciation in the Selllemenl Agreement ln Cause No. -45502. 
(16.1) Amortized over 10 years. 
(17) 
The pro forma annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred depreclaUon for TOSIC by the use1ul Ille {36.3 yea,s) as approved in Ille IURC Orders from Cause No. 45264. TOSIC 1. 
The pro torma annual amortizalion was calculaled by dividing lhe deferred poSI in-service AFUDC !Of the TOSIC projeCls by the uselul Ille (36.3 years) as approved in the IURC Orders in Cause No. 45264 
(18J 
TOSIC 1. 
(191 
The pro to,ma annual amort!zalion was calculaled by dividing the dehmed 20% TOSIC D1slnbution and TOSIC Transmission Revenue Requirements by a 3 year amorl1zalion period. 
The pro fo,ina annual amortization for 1ha Eagle Valley outage repair capital eKpenditures was calcutated by dividing the costs by a 25 veai amortization period for the Settlement Agreeinent in IURC Cause No. 
(20) 
38703 FAC 13351. 
(21 l 
The pro rorina annual amortization for 1he COVID·19 deferral was calculated by dividing the deferral by a 3 year amortization period. 
(22) 
See Financial Exhlbll AESI-OPER. Schedule DEPA. Line 13. 
Nole. The E,;cel version ol this e:<hltlil and supporti11g workpapers has been liled as AES Indiana Workpaper AB9. 
line 
~ 
26 
27 
28 
29 
30 
31 
:f i lii 
3 f 
~ a 
32 
A 
~ 
a I!! 
0 
N 
3 
~ ... 
.. = 
i: 
[ ! . " 
:!. f: 
.. 
Line 
No. 
----
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
AES Indiana 
Statements of Electric Operating Income for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
Per Books and Jurisdictional Pro Forma at Present and Proposed Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
At Proposed 
At Proposed 
12/31/2022 
At Present Rates 
At Present Rates 
Rates 
Rates 
Per Books 
Adjustments 
Pro Forma 
Adjustments 
Pro Forma 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col. 3) 
(Col.4) 
(Col. 5) 
Operating revenues 
$ 
1,791,546 
$ 
(219,947) 
$ 
1,571,599 
$ 
72,923 
$ 
1,644,522 
Operating expenses: 
Operation and maintenance 
expenses 
1,242,330 
(207,195) 
1,035,135 
387 
1,035,522 
Depreciation and amortization 
expense 
272,093 
30,336 
302,428 
302.428 
Taxes-other than income taxes 
33,464 
(6,470) 
26,994 
26,994 
Total operating expenses other 
than income taxes 
1,547,886 
(183,329) 
1,364,558 
387 
1,364,945 
Net operating income before 
income taxes 
243,660 
(36,618) 
207,041 
72,536 
279,577 
Income taxes: 
Federal income taxes - current 
31,385 
(568) 
30,817 
14,486 
45,303 
State income taxes - current 
8,168 
(716) 
7,452 
3,554 
11,006 
Federal income taxes - deferred 
(7,278) 
(4,261) 
(11,539) 
(11,539) 
State income taxes - deferred 
125 
(1,990) 
(1,865) 
(1,865) 
Income tax credit adjustments 
(3) 
(3) 
(3) 
Total income taxes 
32,398 
(7,535) 
24,862 
18,040 
42,902 
Net utility operating income 
$ 
211,262 
$ 
(29,083) 
$ 
182,179 
$ 
54,496 
$ 
236,675 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
u, 
u, 
► 
() 
~ m 
::,-
u, 
11 
II> 
(D 
Q. 
:, 
12 
C: 
3 
Q. 
(D "' 
iii' 
0 a 
::, 
.,, 
► ., 
13 
z cc "' 
al 
0 
() 
"' 
(/) 
II> "" 
3 
tD 
II> ., 
a "' 
!:: ;;· 
:rJ 
;;; ., 
() 
;-
::,-
3 
() 
II> ., 
a "' 
II> 
tD 
IHhlllllillllllllll1 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Electric Operating Revenue for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
Per Books and Pro Forma at Present and Proposed Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
At Proposed 
At Proposed 
Line 
12/31/2022 
At Present Rates At Present Rates 
Rates 
Rates 
Line 
No. 
Description 
Per Books 
Adjustments (1) 
Pro Forma 
Adjustments (2) 
Pro Forma 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
(Col. 4) 
(Col. 5) 
Residential revenues 
$ 
697,060 $ 
(40,260) $ 
656,800 $ 
49,307 $ 
706,107 
2 
Small commercial & industrial revenues 
242,173 
(6,605) 
235,568 
9,596 
245,164 
Large commercial & industrial revenues 
643,606 
(35,957) 
607,649 
15,541 
623,190 
3 
4 
Lighting 
17,628 
(98) 
17,530 
1,527 
19,057 
4 
5 
Electric vehicle public charging stations 
30 
30 
30 
Off-system sales 
148,517 
(119,905) 
28,612 
28,612 
6 
7 
Capacity sales 
11,750 
(11,750) 
7 
8 
Total sales of electric energy 
1,760,764 
(214,575) 
1,546,189 
75,971 
1,622,160 
Other Electric Revenues 
Rents 
3,368 
(130) 
3,238 
3,238 
10 
Other customer charges 
16,875 
16,875 
(3,048) 
13,827 10 
gi 
en 
)> 
~ m 
:::r 
en 
11 
Miscellaneous revenue 
10,539 
(5,242) 
5,297 
5,297 
11 
CD 
iii" 
C. 
5" 
C: 
3 
C. 
iii" 
CD 
c:;· 
12 
Total other electric revenues 
30,782 
(5,372) 
25,410 
(3,048) 
22,362 12 
:0 
~ 
~ 
m )> 
S: ~ "' 
0 
(/) 
CD "' 
13 
Total electric operating revenues 
13 
CD 
w 
3 
~ 
(See Exhibit AESI-OPER, Sch. OPING, Line 1) 
$ 
1,791,546 $ 
(219,947) $ 
1,571,599 $ 
72,923 $ 
1,644,522 
CD 
~ I 
.=;· 
?; 
:::r 
co 
(1) Adjustments shown on AES Indiana Financial Exhibit AESI-OPER, Schedule REV2 
3 
~ 
CD 
CIJ 
(2) Adjustments shown on AES Indiana Financial Exhibit AES I-OP ER, Schedule REV10 
~ CD 
CD 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper REV1. 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Electric Operating Revenue Adjustments 
Adding Back Pro Forma at Present Rates Rider Revenues 
to Achieve Total Retail Revenue Pro Forma at Present Rates 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Add: 
Add: 
Add: 
Twelve Months 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Ended 
at Present 
at Present 
at Present 
12/31/2022 
Rates 
Rates 
Rates 
Adjusted 
Riders 
Rider 20 
Rider22 
Basic 
Fuel 
ECR 
DSM Lost 
Line 
Rate Revenue 
Revenue 
Revenue 
Revenue 
No. 
Description 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
Residential revenues 
$ 
573,833 $}': ·, ·.: S1,211 
$ 
507 
$ 
8,266 
2 
Small commercial & industrial revenues 
200,667 
;:t,!.<:J0,693 
168 
9,794 
... 
3 
Large commercial & industrial revenues 
519,334 
• ·37,022 
514 
6,333 
4 
Lighting 
16,675 
__ 351 
5 
87 
5 
Electric vehicle public charging stations 
30 
6 
Total 
$ 
1,310,540 
$ 
79,277 
$ 
1,194 $ 
24,479 
7 
Pro forma revenue adjustments 
$ 
79,277 
$ 
1,194 
$ 
24,479 
(1) From Schedule REV4, Column 6 
(2) This amount represents normalized KWh sales multiplied by the proposed change in the base cost ol fuel. See REV5-WP1. 
(3) This amount reflects annualized ECR revenue for projects moving Into base rates and therefore excludes the return AESI accrued on construction work 
in progress for its NAAQS-Other, projects during the test year. See REV5-WP2. 
$ 
$ 
$ 
(4) This amount reflects the annualized lost revenues from DSM programs installed prior to the end of the test year moving into base rates. See REVS, WP3. 
Sub-Total 
to Page 2 
(Col. 5) 
613,817 
221,323 
563,203 
t7,118 
30 
1,415,490 
104,950 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
.,, 
"' "' 
(I) 
s. .., 
tn 
tn 
l> 
0 
~ m 
:r 
tn 
(I) 
<>" 
"-
5" 
C 
3 
"-
<>" 
(I) 
.;· 
:Jl 
3. 
:, 
m 
l> "' 
< 
co "' 
"' ; 
0 "' 
(I) 
.., 
3 
a, 
(I) 
"' 
3. "' 
?: 
;;· 
:Jl 
iii 
Ill 
0 ., 
:r 
3 
() 
(I) 
Ill 
3. "' 
CD 
a, 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Electric Operating Revenue Adjustments 
Adding Back Pro Forma at Present Rates Rider Revenues 
to Achieve Total Retail Revenue Pro Forma at Present Rates 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Add: 
Add: 
Add: 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
at Present 
at Present 
at Present 
Rates 
Rates 
Rates 
Rider 24 
Rider25 
Rider26 
Sub-Total 
CAP 
oss 
RTO 
Line 
from Page 1 
Revenue 
Margins 
Revenue 
No. 
Description 
(5) 
(6) 
(7) 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
(Col. 4) 
Residential revenues 
$ 
613,817 
$ 
12,879 
$ 
(5,220) $ 
591 
2 
Small commercial & industrial revenues 
221,323 
4,275 
(1,733) 
196 
3 
Large commercial & industrial revenues 
563,203 
13,040 
(5,285) 
598 
4 
Lighting 
17,118 
124 
(50) 
6 
5 
Electric vehicle public charging stations 
30 
6 
Total 
$ 
1,415,490 
$ 
30,318 
$ 
(12,288) $ 
1,391 
7 
Pro forma revenue adjustments 
$ 
104,950 
$ 
30,318 
$ 
(12,288) $ 
1,391 
(5) 
This amount reflects the proposed change in the base cost of capacity net revenue and expense benchmark. See REVS-WPS. 
(6) 
This reflects that the proposed change in the off-system sales ("OSS') margin benchmark. See REV5-WP6. 
(7) 
This amount reflects the proposed change in the base cost of net MISO expense benchmark. See REV5-WP7. 
Add: 
Total Electric 
Pro Forma 
Adjusted 
at Present 
Basic Rate 
Rates 
Revenue 
Rider3 
Pro Forma at 
TOSIC 
Present Rates 
Revenue 
to Page 3 
(8) 
(Col. 5) 
(Col. 6) 
$ 
20,448 
$ 
642,515 
6,787 
230,848 
20,703 
592,259 
197 
17,395 
30 
$ 
48,135 
$ 
1,483,046 
$ 
48,135 
$ 
172,506 
This amount reflects annualized TDSIC revenue for projects moving into base rates and therefore excludes the return AES Indiana accrued on construction work in 
(8) 
progress for its TDSIC projects during the test year. See REVS-WPS. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
-0 en 
DI 
n 
IC 
:::r 
CD 
II) 
"' 
C. 
C: 
2. iii 
"' :D 
m 
< 
u, 
en 
► 
~ m 
en 
iii ;; 
3 
C. 
ID 
;;;· 
3. 
::, 
► DI 
IC "' 
iil 
0 
CD "' 
3 "' 
CD "' 
3. "' .. 
► 0 
Er 
:D 
n 
DI 
:::r iii 
3 
C') 
CD 
DI 
3. "' 
II) 
"' 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
Description 
Residential revenues 
Small commercial & industrial revenues 
Large commercial & industrial revenues 
Lighting 
Electric vehicle public charging stations 
lb 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Electric Operating Revenue Adjustments 
Adding Back Pro Forma at Present Rates Rider Revenues 
to Achieve Total Retail Revenue Pro Forma at Present Rates 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Total Electric 
Add: 
Add: 
Add: 
Adjusted 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Basic Rate 
at Present 
at Present 
at Present 
Revenue 
Rates 
Rates 
Rates 
Pro Formaat 
Rider 20 
Rider 22 
Rider21 
Present Rates 
ECR 
DSM 
Green 
from Page 2 
Revenue 
Revenue 
Revenue 
(9) 
(10) 
(11) 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
(Col.4) 
$ 
642,515 
$ 
-
$ 
14,014 
$ 
271 
$ 
230,848 
4,651 
69 
592,259 
14,188 
1,202 
17,395 
135 
30 
Total 
$ 
1,483,046 
$ 
-
$ 
32,988 
$ 
1,542 
$ 
Add: 
Total 
Pro Forma 
Electric 
at Present 
Adjusted 
Rates 
Retail 
Rider 26 
Revenue 
TOSIC 
Pro Forma at 
Revenue 
Present Rates 
(12) 
(Col. 5) 
(Col. 6) 
$ 
656,800 
235,567 
607,649 
17,530 
30 
-
$ 
1,517,577 
======== 
Pro forma revenue adjustments (See Schedule REV2, 
7 
Column 3) 
$ 
172,506 
$ 
-
$ 
32,988 
$ 
1,542 
$ 
-
$ 
207,036 
-----
(9) No environmental projects are remaining in the ECR, therefore no offsetting revenue has been included here. 
(10) This amount reflects the test year DSM expenses (net of deferrals) recorded to expense accounts. See REV5-WP9. 
(11) From Schedule REV3, Page 1, Column 5 
(12) Proforma test year expenses related to TOSIC projects in-service after 12/31/2022 net to zero, therefore no offsetting revenue has been included here. 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper REVS. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
.., u, 
~ 
)> 
II) " 
m 
7 
CD 
:,-
II) 
u, 
CD 
CD " 
"' 
0. 
:,-
5" 
C: 
3 
0. 
2. " 
CD 
;;;· 
"' :D 
=-
::, 
m 
m ., 
< 
"' 
'" 
0 "' "' 
m 
., 
"' 5' 
:D ., 
Q 
0 ., 
"' 
(1) 
Jj 
"' 
' 
~ 
~ 
J 
] 
• 
~ 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment B 
Schedule REV10 
Residential revenues 
AES Indiana 
Electric Operating Revenue Adjustment 
Taking Pro Forma at Present Rates 
to Pro Forma at Proposed Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Description 
Small commercial & industrial revenues 
Large commercial & industrial revenues 
Lighting 
Electric vehicle public charging stations 
Off-system sales 
Capacity sales 
Revenue 
from 
Proposed 
Increase 
(Col. 1) 
$ 
49,307 
9,596 
15,541 
1,527 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
Total sales of electric energy 
75,971 
8 
other Electric Revenues 
9 
Rents 
10 
Other customer charges 
11 
Miscellaneous revenue 
12 
Total other electric revenues 
13 
Total electric operating revenues 
14 
Proforma adjustment (See Schedule REV1, Column 4) 
Note: This exhibit agrees to AES Indiana Witness BR, Attachment 4, Page 2 of 2, Column 0. 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper REV10. 
9 
(3,048) 
10 
(3,048) 
$ 
72,923 
$ 
72,923 
11 
12 
13 
14 
Line 
No. 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
21 
22 
23 
24 
25 
26 
27 
28 
29 
AESINDIANA 
AES Indiana 2022 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment B 
Schedule OM1-S 
Summary of Pro Forma Adjustments to Electric Operation and 
Maintenance Expense for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(T!)ousands of Dollars) 
Exhibit 
AESI-OPER 
Pro Forma Adjuslments 
Adjustment 
Total Electric 
Total Electric 
Schedule 
At Present 
At Proposed 
Description 
Reference 
Rates 
Rates 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
Cost of fuel and purchased power 
OM2 
$ 
(226,079) $ 
Capacity costs 
OM3 
17,238 
Off-system sales power production costs 
OM4 
(14,503) 
Generation consumables 
OMS 
(10,662) 
Transportation expenses 
OM6 
(603) 
Non-outage operating and maintenance costs 
OM7 
(13,517) 
Seasonal NOx emission allowance expense 
OM8 
(914) 
Obsoleie/damaged malerials and supplies inventory 
write-oil expense 
OMS 
(634) 
Non-jurisdictional MISO MTEP operating and 
mainlenance expenses 
OM10 
(953) 
Storm expenses 
OM11 
(2,533) 
Vegetation management costs 
OM12 
10,214 
MISO non-fuel costs 
OM13 
369 
MISO deferred expense amortization 
OM14 
Wages of AES Indiana and AES U.S. Services, 
LLC employees 
OM15 
14,239 
Employer insurance benefits of AES Indiana and AES U.S. 
Services, LLC employees 
OM16 
1,834 
Pension expense and OPEB 
OM17 
13,580 
ACE Project 
OM18 
8,127 
Image-building advertising costs 
OM19 
(2,205) 
Injuries and damages expense 
OM20 
235 
Amortization of rate case expense 
OM21 
750 
Miscellaneous expense adjuslments 
OM22 
(2,772) 
AES U.S. Services, LLC occupancy and non-labor costs 
OM23 
(855) 
ECR, TOSIC Tracker Items 
OM24 
(922) 
Property and other casualty Insurance expense 
OM25 
4,864 
Write otl of preliminary survey and investigation charges 
OM26 
(325) 
Uncollectible accounts expense 
OM27 
(1,626) 
Public utility fee 
OM28 
628 
Total pro form a adjustments 
(See Exhibit AESI-OPER, Schedule OPING, Line 2, 
Columns 3 and 5, respectively) 
$ 
(207,026) $ 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
21 
22 
23 
24 
25 
26 
279 
27 
108 
28 
387 
29 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment B 
Schedule OM2-S 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Cost of Fuel and Purchased Power 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
~ 
(Thousands of Dollars, Except Base Cost of Fuel Increment) 
~ 
The following pro forma adjustment reflects the change in total electric cost of fuel and purchased power, 
taking into consideration changes in pro forma MWh sales, power purchases, and power sales. 
Line 
Line 
No. 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
MWh Source 
Coal and oil generation 
6,316,299 
2 
Gas generation 
9,641,261 
2 
3 
Other generation- internal combustion 
3 
Purchases through MISO: 
4 
Wind purchase power agreement (PPA) purchases 
747,509 
4 
5 
Non-Wind PPA market purchases 
394,025 
5 
1 
6 
Purchased power other than MISO (solar) 
144,205 
6 
~ 
Less: 
] 
7 
Energy losses and company use 
604,181 
7 
8 
Inter-System sales through MISO 
3,619,393 
8 
9 
Total MWh source 
13,019,725 
9 
Fuel Cost$ 
10 
Coal and oil generation 
$ 
184,752 
10 
11 
Gas generation 
319,912 
11 
12 
Other generation- internal combustion 
12 
Purchases through MISO: 
13 
Wind purchase power agreement purchases 
51,237 
13 
14 
Non-Wind PPA market purchases 
14,509 
14 
15 
MISO components of cost of fuel 
26,821 
15 
16 
Purchased power other than MISO (solar) 
23,503 
16 
Less: 
17 
Inter-System sales through MISO 
107,200 
17 
18 
Transmission losses 
5,417 
18 
19 
Pro forma total retail electric cost of fuel 
508,117 
19 
-
~ 
20 
Actual total electric coal, oil, gas, and purchased power costs 
l 
~ 
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 
734,196 
20 
' 
21 
Pro forma adjustment to retail fuel cost (See Schedule OM1) 
$ 
(226,079) 
21 
i 
~ 
•• '.'& 
Breakout of retail and wholesale fuel costs 
~ i 
22 
Pro forma total retail electric cost of fuel (from Line 19) 
$ 
508,117 
22 
;; 
23 
Actual retail fuel cost 
(657,969) 
23 
ii 
24 
Pro forma adjustment for retail fuel cost 
(149,852) 
24 
I 
25 
Reclassify actual off-system sales fuel cost (See Schedule REVS) 
(76,227) 
25 
I 
26 
Total pro forma adjustment to fuel costs 
$ 
(226,079) 
26 
I 
j .. i 
27 
New base cost of fuel per kWh (line 20 / line 9) 
$ 
0.039027 
27 
i ' 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM2. 
'li 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to 
Generation Consumables Variable Expenses 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment B 
Schedule OM5•S 
The following pro forma adjustment Is to reflect non-labor changes to the retail cost of generation consumables. 
Line 
No. 
Harding Street Generating Station 
2 
Eagle Valley CCGT 
3 
Petersburg 
$ 
Pro Forma O & M 
(Col.1) 
1,029 
$ 
1.198 
13,287 
Actual Generating Unit 
Consumables Cost Per Books 
for the Twelve Months 
Ended December 31 , 2022 
(Col. 2) 
649 
$ 
598 
16,879 
Pro Forma 
Adjustment 
(Col. 3) 
380 
600 
(3,592) 
4 
Petersburg Unit 2 
(8,050) 
-------- ____________ 
8...a,0_5_0 ------------'-' 
5 
Total proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) $ 
15,514 
$ 
(10,662) 
26,176 =$================= 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
1 
4 
-' 
" 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment B 
Schedule OM12-S 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Distribution Vegetation Management Costs 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
vegetation management costs. 
Line 
No. 
Total pro torma expense adjustment 
(See Schedule OM1) 
AES Indiana Workpaper OM12. 
Pro Forma 
Costs 
(Col. 1) 
$ 
Twelve 
Months 
Ended 
Pro Forma 
12/31/2022 
Adjustment 
Line 
(See 
Schedule 
Per Books 
OM1) 
No. 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
15,033 
$ 
10,214 
; 
I 
I 
' 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment B 
Schedule OM15-S 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Operation and Maintenance Expenses for 
Wages of AES Indiana and AES U.S. Services, LLC (AES Services) Employees 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following adjustment represents the net impact of changes to AES Indiana and AES U.S. Services, LLC (AES Services) 
labor costs 
Line 
No. 
Labor costs (AES Indiana employees) 
2 
Labor costs (from AES Services) 
3 
Total labor, AES Indiana and AES Services costs 
4 
Proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
$ 
$ 
Total 
Electric 
Per 
Books 
(Col. 1) 
113,540 
19,760 
133,300 
Pro Forma 
Adjustments 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
$ 
0 124,565 
$ 
11,025 
22,974 
3,213 
$ 
147,539 
$ 
14,239 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment B 
Schedule OM18-S 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Operations and Maintenance Expense for the ACE Project 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following pro forma adjustment adjusts the on going O&M related to the ACE Project. 
Line 
No. 
ACE O&M 
2 
Total ACE O&M 
$ 
i 
Pro Forma 
ACE 
O&M 
Exeense 
(Col. 1) 
9,322 
91322 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
Pro Forma 
12/31/2022 
Adjustment 
Per Books 
(See Schedule OM1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col.3) 
$ 
1,195 $ 
8,127 
$ 
1 195 $ 
8,127 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM18. 
Line 
No. 
2 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment B 
Schedule OM21-S 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Amortization of Rate Case Expense 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
It is estlmaled lhal the lollowlng costs will be incurred in the preparation and presentation of AES Indiana's current Petition lo the Commission. AES Indiana considers ii 
reasonable lo amortize these costs over three years. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
Cost of depreciation and demolition studies: 
Depreclalion 
Demolition 
Total projected cost of depreciation and demolition studies 
All other rate case expenses: 
Legal 
7 
Fair Return 
8 
Weather Normalizalion 
9 
Rate Design 
10 
Line Loss Sludy 
11 
Accounting and Tax Consulting 
12 
Configuration 
13 
Other- (e.g. Additional Witness/Consulting Support, Postage) 
14 
Tola! projected cost of all other rate case expenses 
15 
Total pro forma cost of 2023 rate case expenses 
Amortization 
Period 
(Col.1) 
16 
Pro forma annual amortization of rate case expenses 
4 years 
17 
Less: Per books amortization during lhe twelve months ended 
December 31, 2022 
18 
Total proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
Nole: The Excel version ol lhis exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM21. 
$ 
$ 
Cost 
(Col.2) 
100 
180 
$ 
1,900 
75 
178 
461 
80 
100 
296 
1,615 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Total 
(Col. 3) 
280 
4,7051 
3,000 
750 
750 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustments 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment B 
Schedule OM22-S 
Due to Miscellaneous Expense Items 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
This schedule removes items not deemed to be reasonably necessary to provide reliable electric service and also reflects 
adjustments to bring certain miscellaneous test year expenses to the current experienced rate of expense as of the end of 
the test year. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
Production - Operations 
Operation of Steam Power Generation 
Maintenance of Steam Plant 
Other Power Production 
Transmission & Distribution 
Transmission operation and maintenance expenses 
Distribution operation and maintenance expenses 
$ 
$ 
Pro Forma 
Adjustments 
(Col.1) 
(44) 
(10) 
(15) 
(16) 
(524) 
$ 
8 
$ 
9 
Customer Accounts 
10 
Customer Service & Informational 
11 
12 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
Administrative & General 
Office supplies and expenses 
Outside services employed 
Employee Pensions and Benefits 
Miscellaneous general expenses 
Maintenance of General Plant 
Proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
Summary of pro forma adjustment 
Miscellaneous expense adjustments 
Run-rate adjustment 
Total proforma adjustment (agrees to line 17 above) 
$ 
(203) 
354 
(5) 
,(2,293) 
(7) 
$ 
$ 
(Col. 2) 
(69) 
(540) 
(3) 
(6) 
(2,154) 
(2,772) 
(804) 
(1,968) 
(2,772) 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM22. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustments to Uncollectible Accounts Expense 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following adjustments reflect the application of the experience rate of uncollectible accounts to the respective pro forma electric revenues. 
Total 
Total 
Electric 
Electric 
Line 
At Present 
At Proposed 
Supporting 
No. 
Rates 
Rates 
AES Indiana Financial Exhibit Reference 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
Electric operating revenues for the twelve months 
ended December 31, 2022 
$ 
1,571,600 
$ 
1,644,690 
AESI-OPER, Sch. OPING, Line 1, Cols. 4 and 6 
2 
Less: Off-system sales 
28,612 
28,612 
AESI-OPER, Sch. REVt. Line 6, Cols. 3 and 5 
3 
Less: Rents from electric property 
3,238 
3,238 
AESI-OPEA, Sch. REV1, Line 9, Cols. 3 and 5 
4 
Less: Capacity sales 
AESI-OPER, Sch. AEV1, Line 7, Cols. 3 and 5 
5 
Less: Miscellaneous electric revenue 
5,297 
5,297 
AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, Line 11, Cols. 3 and 5 
6 
Net 
$ 
1,534,453 
$ 
1,607,543 
7 
Uncollectible accounts experience rate 
0.3814 % 
8 
Pro forma uncollectible electric accounts expense 
$ 
5,852 
$ 
6,131 
9 
Amount charged to total electric operating expense 
for the twelve months ended December 31. 2022 
7,478 
10 
Pro forma adjustment at present rates 
$ 
(1,626) 
(See ExhibitAESI-OPEA, Sch. OM1, Column 1) 
11 
Less: Proforma electric at present rates expense 
5,852 
12 
Pro forma adjustment at proposed rates 
$ 
279 
(See Exhibit AESI-OPEA, Sch. OM1, Column 2) 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM27. 
Line 
No. 
(Col. 3) 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
C/l C/l 1> 
9 
l ~ rn 
~ ~ S" 
-
" 
C. 
10 
~ 3. [ 
;;;: 1>., 
"'"'"' 
-;-i m ~ 
11 
C/l 3"' 
"a, 
:, ., - "' 
12 
1>0 
::: :,:, 
., m 
" -
::T<D 
3o 
"., 
:, "' -" 
a, 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustments to Public Utility Fee 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following adjustments reflect the application of the public utility fee, increased by the current billing factor, to the respective proforma electric revenues. 
Line 
No. 
Description 
Electric operating revenues for the twelve months 
ended December 31, 2022 
2 
Less : Capacity Sales 
3 
Less: Off-system sales 
4 
Less: Rents 
5 Less: Other customer charges 
6 Less: Miscellaneous electric revenues 
7 
Less: Uncollectible accounts expense 
8 Net electric operating revenue subject to public utility fee 
9 
Effective public utility fee rate 
10 Pro forma public utility fee 
11 
Fee charged to total electric operating expense during 
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 
12 Pro forma adjustment at present rates 
13 Less: Proforma electric at present rates expense 
14 Pro forma adjustment at proposed rates 
Total 
Total 
Electric 
Electric 
At Present 
At Proposed 
Supporting 
Rates 
Rates 
AES Indiana Financial Exhibit Reference 
(Col. 1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
$ 
1,571,600 $ 
1,644,690 AESI-OPER, Sch. OPING, Line 1, Cols. 4 and 6 
(11,750) 
(11,750) AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, Line 7, Cols. 3 and 5 
28.612 
28,612 AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, Line 6, Cols. 3 and 5 
3,238 
3,238 AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, Line 9, Cols. 3 and 5 
16.875 
16,875 AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, Line 10, Cols. 3 and 5 
5,297 
5,297 AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, Line 11, Cols. 3 and 5 
_____ 
5,~8_52 _____ 
6,~1_31_AESI-OPER, Sch. OM27, Line 8, Cols. 1 and 2 
$ 
1,523,476 $ 
1,596,287 
0.001468 
$ 
2,236 $ 
2,344 
1,608 
$ 
628 
(See Exhibit AESI-OPER, Sch. OM1, Column 1) 
2,236 
=======1=0=8=(See ExhibitAESI-OPER, Sch. OM1, Column 2) 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM28. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
C/l 
C/l 
)> 
C') 
~ 
:::r 
m 
C!) m C/l 
Q. 
:i 
12 
C 
3 
m 
(D 
Q. 
=-
or 
0 
::, 
;;: )> m 
13 ., (Q ., 
"' iil 
0 
CJ) 
ID ., 
3 "' 
ID 
m 
14 
=-
m 
rn 
)> 0 
s' 
jJ 
C') 
m 
:::r 
(D 
3 
C') 
<II 
m 
=- "' 
<II 
m 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Total Electric at Present Rates to Reflect the Annual Provision for Depreciation and 
Amortization Expense for the Twelve Month Period Ended December 31, 2022 
Applying Proposed Depreciation and Amortization Rates to Pro Forma Original Cost Rate Base 
Line 
No, 
Total electric utility plant in service per boo,;;s (1) 
Less· Asset retirement obllgaUon asset (2) 
Less: Fully depreciated utility plant 
Less: Non-depreciable assets inciudecl 
above - land and other 
Tota! depreciable assets in service per 
books at December 31. 2022 
Less: Non-jurisdictional plant-in-service (3) 
Add; ACE Project (4) 
Less: Pete Unit 2 and 1 &2 Shared Asset Retirements (5) 
Less: EV CCGT Forced Outage (5) 
10 
Total depreciable asse1s 
11 
Proforma depreciation and amortization 
12 
Add: Plani acquisition adjustment amoiiization (6) 
13 
Add: Amortization of regulatoryass~:s on AESI-RB. Schedule RB9 (7) 
14 
Total proforma depreciation and amortiza:ion e:,.:pense 
Less: regulatory asset amortization cl1arges :o FERG 923 tor the twelve months ended December 
15 
31,2022. 
16 
Less: Total depreciation and amortization expense 
expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 
depreciation and amortization 
(8) 
17 
Proforma adjustment (See AESI-OPER, Schedule OP!NC, Line 3, Column 3) 
(1) 
See AESI-RB, Sd1cdu!e RB2, Line 9 
(2) 
See AESI-RB, Schedule R86, Line 7 
(3) 
See AESI-RB, Schedule RBS, Line 7 
(4) 
See AESI-RB, Schedule RB3, Line 3 
(5) 
See AESI-RB, Schedule RB4, Line 9 
Reflects a 33-year amortization period, the es:ima:ed remaining useful life of the asset at the time ol 
(6) 
:he acquisition. 
(7J 
See AESJ-RB, Schedule RB9 Page 4 of 5, Line 32 
(8) 
See AESI-OPER, Schedule OPINC. Line 3, Column 2 
Note: The Excel version of this exhiolt and supporting workpapers has been tiled as AES Indiana Workpaper DEPR. 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Functional 
Classification 
Intangible 
Sys1ems 
Production 
Transmission 
Plant 
Software 
Plant 
Plant 
(Cot, 1) 
(Col, 2) 
(COL 3) 
(Col. 4) 
46 
153,606 
4.166,085 
461.042 
(195,718) 
(30) 
(78,784) 
(4,710) 
(46) 
(3,672) 
(546) 
74,822 
3,961,985 
460,466 
(20.788) 
94,071 
(501,630) 
(11,112) 
168,893 
3,449,242 
439,678 
20,248 
192,067 
9,162 
Distribution 
Plant 
(Col, SJ 
2,036,697 
(235) 
(3,621) 
2,032,841 
2.032.841 
36,790 
I ! 
General 
Line 
Plant 
Total 
No, 
(Col, 6) 
(Col, 7) 
260,172 
7.077,649 
(693) 
(196,676) 
(83,494) 
4 
(3,775) 
(11,660) 
255.705 
6,785,819 
(20.788) 
94,071 
7 
(501,630) 
8 
(11,112) 
255,705 
6.346.359 
10 
12,732 
270.999 
11 
15 
12 
31,505 
13 
302,519 
14 
91 
15 
272,093 
16 
30,336 
17 
"'"'> 
g.£rn 
i~[ 
~; ~-
"tl~ N 
:a. 0 
.. ~ 
"'3 "' . '" 
~ ~ 
:t:> n· 
= :a 
~* 
3 (') 
~~ 
'" 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Taxes Other than Income Taxes for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
Per Books and Pro Forma at Present and Proposed Rates 
Line 
No. 
Real estate and personal property taxes 
2 
Payroll taxes 
3 
Indiana utility receipts tax 
4 
Miscellaneous taxes 
5 
Total taxes other than income taxes 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Adjustment 
Shown on 
Total 
AESI Financial 
Electric 
To1al Electric 
Exhibit 
Per 
At Present Rates 
AES I-OP ER 
Books 
Adjustments 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col. 3) 
Sch. OTX2 
$ 
12,620 $ 
3,369 
Sch.OTX3 
9,014 
1,257 
Sch. OTX4 
11,096 
(11,096) 
733 
Total Electric 
At Proposed 
Rates 
Pro Forma 
Adjustments 
(Col.4) 
(Col. 5) 
15,989 $ 
-
10,272 
733 
$ 
(See AESI Financial Exhibit AESI-OPER, Schedule 
OPING, Line 4) 
33,464 
$ 
(6,470) $ 
26,994 $ 
-
$ 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OTX1. 
Line 
Pro Forma 
Na. 
(Col.6) 
15,989 
10,272 
2 
733 
4 
26,994 
5 
(I) 
CJ) ,. 
" ~ m 
::, 
(I) 
" [ 
C. 
S" 
C: 
C. 
lo 
i> 
~ ~ iil 
~ 
"' 
<i 
0 
In 
"' 
" "' 
3 ., 
" ., 
=- .. 
,. " 
iii ,, ., 
" ;; 
::, 
3 " 
" 
., 
=- .. 
" 
., 
--' 
~ 
] 
=; 
::1 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Settlement Agreement Attachment B 
Schedule OTX3-S 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Reflect the Change in 
Payroll Taxes Applicable to Pro Forma Wage Adjustments and Changes in Tax Rates 
Chargeable to Operation and Maintenance Expense 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following adjustment represents the net impact of changes to AESI and AES U.S. Services, LLC (AES Services) 
payroll tax costs 
Total 
Electric 
Line 
Per 
No. 
Books 
Pro Forma 
Adjustments 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
Payroll Tax costs (AESI employees) 
$ 
7,621 
$ 
8,664 
$ 
1,043 
2 
Payroll Tax costs (from AES Services) 
1,394 
1,608 
214 
3 
Total Payroll Tax, AESI and AES Services costs 
$ 
9,014 
$ 
10,272 
4 
Pro forma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
$ 
1,257 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OTX3. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
AES Indiana 
Determination of Interest Expense for Interest Synchronization 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Original 
Total 
Percent 
Total 
Cost 
Total Electric 
Line 
Company 
of 
Weighted 
Total Electric 
Synchronized 
Line 
No. 
Capitalization 
Total 
Cost 
Cost 
Rate Base 
Interest 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(CoL3) 
(Col. 4) 
(Col.5) 
(Col. 6) 
Long-Term Debt 
$ 
2,153,036 
(1) 
49.15% 
4.90% 
(1) 
2.41 % 
$ 
3,455,111 
(3) $ 
83,268 
2 
Preferred Equity 
-% 
2 
3 
Common Equity 
1,943,109 (2) 
44.36% 
3 
4 
Prepaid Pension Asset (net of OPEB liability) 
(133,100) (2) 
(3.04)% 
4 
5 
Deferred Income Taxes 
382,560 
(21 
8.73% 
5 
6 
Post 1970 ITC 
24 
12) 
0.00% 
6 
7 
Customer Deposits 
35,097 
(2) 
0.80% 
7 
$ 
4,380,726 
100.00 % 
$ 
83,268 
8 
(1) 
See AESI-CC, Schedule CC1 
(2) 
See AESI-CC, Schedule CC2 
(3) 
See AESI-RB, Schedule RB1, Column 6, Line 9 
"' "' 
J> 
0 
~ m 
:, 
"' 
" 
CD 
C. 3 :, 
C 
C. 
CD " .;· 
-I ;:!. :, 
X 
J> .. 
"' "' "' 
en @ 0 "' 
" "' 
3 a, 
" .. 
;:!. .. 
J> 0 
? 
:,:, .. 
0 ;. 
.,,. 
3 n 
" .. 
;:!. .. " 
a, 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
Settlement Agreement Attachment C 
Page 1 of 1 
AES Indiana 
Comparison of Current and Proposed Pro Forma Revenues 
Line 
Unmitigated 
Mitigated Proposed 
Increase: 
Increase: 
Increase: 
No. 
Rate Class 
Rate Code 
Current Revenue [l] Proposed Revenue 
Revenue [l] 
Unmitigated -
Mitigated [2] 
Mitigated (3] 
[l] 
Current 
(A) 
(B) 
(C) 
(D) 
(E) 
(F) 
(G) 
(H) 
l 
Residential Service (Rate RS) - Codes RS. RC, RH 
RS 
$ 
656.799. 989 
$ 
745,741.742 
$ 
706,180,999 
$ 
88,941,753 
$ 
49,381.01 l 
7.52% 
2 
Secondary Service (Small) (Rate SS) 
ss 
174,117,001 
l 57,642, l OS 
178,083.490 
(16.47 4,896) 
3,966,489 
2.28% 
3 
Municipal Device (Rate MD) 
MD 
362,488 
219,842 
236,010 
(142,646) 
(126,479) 
-34.89% 
4 
Electric Space Conditioning-Secondary Service (Rate SH) 
SH 
59,181.354 
63. l 02.989 
64,945,731 
3,921.636 
5,764.378 
9.74% 
5 
Bectric Space Conditioning-Schools (Rate SE) 
SE 
1,734,466 
1,504,830 
1,734,466 
(229,636) 
0.00% 
6 
Water Heating-Controlled Service (Rate CB/CW) 
CB 
47,154 
74,875 
51.431 
27,720 
4,277 
9.07% 
7 
Water Heating-Uncontrolled Service (Rate UW) 
uw 
125,346 
142,541 
137,756 
17,194 
12,409 
9.90% 
8 
Secondary Service (Large) - (Rate SL) 
SL 
349,814.896 
342,343,654 
356,796,627 
(7,471,242) 
6,981,731 
2.00% 
9 
Primary Service (Large) - [Rate PL) 
PL 
l 05,592, l 69 
l 09 .427.425 
112.777,840 
3,835,256 
7,185,672 
6.81% 
10 
Process Heating (Rate PH) 
PH 
2,708,602 
2,793,847 
2,862.205 
85,244 
153,603 
5.67% 
11 
High Load Factor (Rate HL-1) [Primary Distribution) 
HLl 
113,099,048 
111.440,758 
114,564.474 
(1,658,290) 
1,465,425 
1.30% 
12 
High Load Factor (Rate HL-2) (Sub transmission) 
HL2 
16,299,458 
14,752,087 
16,166,333 
(1,547,371) 
(133.125) 
-0.82% 
13 
High Load Factor (Rate HL-3) (Transmission) 
HL3 
20.134,603 
19.169,021 
20,087,442 
(965,582) 
(47,162) 
-0.23% 
l 
Automatic Protective Lighting (APL) 
APL 
8,808,226 
11,758,070 
9,680,241 
2,949,844 
872,014 
9.90% 
2 
Municipal Lighting (MU) 
MUl 
$ 
8,721.553 
$ 
13,567,557 
$ 
9,376,296 
$ 
4,846,005 
$ 
654,744 
7.51% 
3 
TOTAL SYSTEM 
s 
1,517,546,354 s 
1,593,681,342 s 
1,593,681,342 s 
76,134,987 s 
76,134,987 
5.02% 
[1] From ACOSS. 
[2] Col. (E) - (C) + (G) 
Line 
Unmitigated 
Mitigated Proposed 
Increase: 
Increase: 
Rate Class 
Current Revenue [l] Proposed Revenue 
Unmitigated -
No. 
Revenue [1] 
Mitigated [2] 
(A) 
(B) 
(C) 
(D) 
(E) 
(F) 
(H) 
l 
Residential 
656,799,989 
745,741.742 
706, l 80,999 
$ 
88,941,753 
$ 
49,381.01 l 
2 
Small C&I 
235,567,810 
222.687.181 
245,188,884 
$ 
(12,880,628) $ 
9,621.074 
3 
Large C&I 
607,648,777 
599,926,791 
623,254,921 
$ 
(7,721.986) $ 
15,606,144 
4 
Lighting 
17,529,779 
25,325,628 
19,056,537 
$ 
7,795,849 
$ 
1,526,758 
5 
TOTAL SYSTEM 
s 
1,517,546,354 s 
1,593,681,342 s 
1,593,681,342 s 
76,134,987 s 
76,134,987 
AES Indiana 
Demand Factors Used in Rate Adjustment Mechanisms 
From AES Witness BR Workpaper 1.0C-R 
ECR 
Current 
Proposed 
Change 
Demand Allocation Factors based on 12 CP Generation in COSS 
Residential 
42.48% 
44.00% 
1.52% 
Small C&I 
14.10% 
14.39% 
0.29% 
Large C&l - PL 
Large C&I - HL 
Large C&I - Primary 
17.62% 
17.31% 
-0.31% 
Large C&I - SL & PH 
Large C&I - Secondary 
25.39% 
24.06% 
-1.33% 
Large C&I - Total 
43.01% 
41.37% 
-1.64% 
Lighting 
0.41% 
0.24% 
-0.17% 
Total 
100.00% 100.00% 
0.00% 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case· 
Cause No. 45911 
Settlement Agreement Attachment D 
Page 1 of 1 
OSS, CAP, RTO 
Current 
Proposed 
Change 
Demand Allocation Factors based on 12 CP Generation in COSS 
Residential 
42.48% 
44.00% 
1.52% 
Small C&I 
14.10% 
14.39% 
0.29% 
Large C&I - PL 
Large C&I - HL 
Large C&I - Primary 
17.62% 
17.31% 
-0.31% 
Large C&I - SL & PH 
Large C&I - Secondary 
25.39% 
24.06% 
-1.33% 
Large C&I - Total 
43.01% 
41.37% 
-1.64% 
Lighting 
0.41% 
0.24% 
-0.17% 
Total 
100.00% 
100.00% 
0.00% 
AES Indiana 
Revenue Percentages 
Test Year Ended December 31. 2022 
TOSIC Allocation Factors 
A 
C 
Total Revenue 
Rate Class 
Rate Code(s) 
Requirement 
Residenlial 
RS, RC. RH 
$ 
706,180,999 
SmallC&I 
SS, SH, SE. CB, UW 
245. I 88.884 
Large C&I - Secondary 
SL, PH 
359,658,832 
Large C&I - Primary 
PL HL 
263,596,089 
Ligl1ting 
APL MUI 
$ 
I 9,056,537 
TOTAL SYSTEM 
1 
1.593.681.342 
Rate Code Allocations 
A 
C 
Total Revenue 
RateClc,ss 
Rate Code 
Requirement 
Residenlial Service (Rate RS) - Codes RS, RC, RH 
RS 
$ 
706,180,999 
Secondary Service (Small) (Rate SS) 
ss 
178,083.490 
Municipal Device (Rate MD) 
MD 
236,010 
Electric Space Conditioning-Secondary Service (Role SH) 
SH 
64,945,731 
Electric Space Conditioning-Schools (Rate SE) 
SE 
1.734.466 
Waler Heating-Controlled Service (Rate CB/CW) 
CB 
51,431 
Waler Heating-Uncontrolled Service (Rate UW) 
uw 
137,756 
Secondary Service (Large) - (Rate SL) 
SL 
356. 796,627 
Primary Service (Large) - (Rate PL) 
PL 
112,777.840 
Process Heating (Rate PH) 
PH 
2,862,205 
High Load Factor (Rate HL-1) (Primary Distribution) 
Hll 
114,564,474 
High Load Factor (Rate HL-2) (Sub transmission) 
HL2 
16,166,333 
High Load Factor (Rate HL-3) (Transmission) 
HL3 
20,087.442 
Aulomatic Protective Lighting - APL 
APL 
9,680,241 
Municipal Lighting MU-1 
MUI 
$ 
9,376.296 
TOTAL SYSTEM 
l 
1,593,681.342 
D 
Class Revenue 
Percent 
Allocation - Transmission 
Percent 
44.31% $ 
38,224,856 
40.05% 
15.39% 
15,546,390 
16.29% 
22.57% 
24,219,723 
25.38% 
16.54% 
17,271.531 
18.10% 
1.20% $ 
168,958 
0.18% 
100.00% 1 
95.431.458 
100.00% 
D 
Class Revenue 
Percent 
Allocation - Transmission 
Percent 
44.31% $ 
38,224,856 
40.05% 
11.17% 
10,961,572 
11.49% 
0.01% 
5,224 
0.01% 
4.08% 
4.457,232 
4.67% 
0.11% 
114,538 
0.12% 
0.00% 
1.516 
0.00% 
0.01% 
6.309 
0.01% 
22.39% 
24,049,243 
25.20% 
7.08% 
7,614.773 
7.98% 
0.18% 
170,480 
0.18% 
7.19% 
7,214,254 
7.56% 
I.DI% 
1.100,088 
1.15% 
1.26% 
1.342.417 
1.41% 
0.61% 
103.618 
0.11% 
0.59% $ 
65,340 
0.07% 
100.00% 1 
95.431.458 
100.00% 
$ 
$ 
Ji 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
1 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case t 
Cause Na. 45911 
Settlement Agreement Attachment E 
Page 1 of 1 
Class Revenue 
Allocation -
Percent 
Distribution 
140.955.760 
59.41% 
36.428,882 
15.35% 
37,097,243 
15.64% 
21.931.355 
9.24% 
833.604 
0.35% 
237.246.843 
100.00% 
Class Revenue 
Allocation -
Percent 
Distribution 
140,955,760 
59.41% 
26.468,055 
11.16% 
97.416 
0.04% 
9,595,668 
4.04% 
229.213 
0.10% 
11.312 
0.00% 
27.217 
0.01% 
36,609,053 
15.43% 
11.261.850 
4.75% 
488,190 
0.21% 
10,669,505 
4.50% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
503,085 
0.21% 
330.51 B 
0.14% 
237,246,843 
100.00% 
AES Indiana 
MU Lighting Rate Design 
Code 
Description 
(Al 
(BJ 
MU 
Company Installed, Owned, and Maintained (MU-1) 
I 1000 WATT MY-OVERHEAD 
2 I 000 WATT MV - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
3 I 000 WATT MV - METAL COLUMN 
4 400 WATT MV - OVERHEAD 
5 400 WATT MV - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
6 400 WATT MV- METAL COLUMN 
7 175 WATT MV - OVERHEAD 
8 175 WATT MV - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
9 175WATTMV-METALCOLUMN 
10 175 W MV- POST TOP 
11 175 W MV-POSTTOP WASH 
12 400 WATT HPS- OVERHEAD 
13 400 WATT HPS- TRAFFIC COLUMN 
14 400 WA TT HPS - MET AL COLUMN 
15 250 WATT HPS - OVERHEAD 
16 250 WATT HPS-TRAFFIC COLUMN 
17 250 WATT HPS- METAL COLUMN 
18 150 WATT HPS- OVERHEAD 
I 9 I 50 WA TT HPS - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
20 150 WATT HPS-METAL COLUMN 
21 100 WATT HPS- OVERHEAD 
22 I 00 WATT HPS - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
23 100 WATT HPS- METAL COLUMN 
24 I 00 W HPS - POST TOP 
25 100 W HPS- POST TOP WASH 
26 150 W HPS- POSTTOP BALL 
27 150 W H PS - POSTTOP WASH 
28 3-150 WA TT HPS-1 COLUMN CLUSTER W /BA LAST 
29 3-150 WA TT HPS-2 COLUMN CLUSTER N/BALAST 
30 3-150 WA TT HPS-2 COLUMN CLUSTER W /BALAST 
32 1-150&4-l00WATTHPS-CLUSTER 
33 400 WATT HPS-METAL COLUMN-PAINTED BRONZE 
34 400 WATT HPS-TRAFFIC COLUMN-PAINT BRONZE 
35 250 WATT HPS-METAL COLUMN-PAINTED BRONZE 
37 175 WATT MY-FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
38 I 00 WA TT HPS - FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
39 150 WATT HPS- FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
40 250 WATT HPS- FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
41 400 WATT HPS - FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
42 400 WATT MH SHOEBOX-FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
43 2-400 WATT MH SHOEBOX-FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
44 175 WATT MV UPASS 4100HRS- WALL MOUNTED 
45 150 WATT HPS UPASS 4100HRS-WALL MOUNTED 
46 250 W HPS - SHOEBOX 
48 2-250 W HPS-SHOEBOX 
50 400 WATT HPS UPASS 8760HRS WALL MOUNTED 
51 150 WATT HPS UPASS 8760HRS WALL MOUNTED 
65 400 W HPS - SHOEBOX 
66 2-400 W HPS-SHOEBOX 
101 400 WATT METAL HALIDE- METAL COLUMN 
Inventory 
(Light 
Count 
(CJ 
l 
0 
3 
16 
0 
144 
446 
0 
670 
476 
189 
240 
65 
552 
505 
36 
619 
491 
7 
472 
796 
l 
517 
5,857 
1.703 
21 
3.037 
0 
0 
0 
l 
74 
B 
l 
6 
103 
155 
124 
159 
103 
48 
0 
192 
10 
0 
85 
101 
43 
15 
0 
Proposed Annual 
Rate 
!Fl 
$371.64 
$334,32 
$517.80 
$197.28 
$179.52 
$265.56 
$131.16 
$121.56 
$206.04 
$200,88 
$306.72 
$227.88 
$227.88 
$373,92 
$181.32 
$181.32 
$250.92 
$140.28 
$140.28 
$212.28 
$117.72 
$117.72 
$192,60 
$191.64 
$294.48 
$233.40 
$340.56 
$562.20 
$562.20 
$562.20 
$783, 12 
$405.12 
$233,04 
$28224 
$196.80 
$183.24 
$202.80 
$241.68 
$349.08 
$320.40 
$455.16 
$ I 56.96 
$180.84 
$252.48 
$323.88 
$422.76 
$242.88 
$314,88 
$444.48 
$372.60 
I 
,I 
Proposed 
Revenue 
(G) 
$372 
$0 
$1,553 
$3,156 
$0 
$38.241 
$58.497 
$0 
$138,047 
$95,619 
$57,970 
$54,691 
$14,812 
$206.404 
$91,567 
$6,528 
$155,319 
$68,877 
$982 
$100,196 
$93,705 
$118 
$99,574 
$1. 122,435 
$501.499 
$4,901 
$1,034,281 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$783 
$29,979 
$1,864 
$282 
$1,181 
$18,874 
$31.434 
$29,968 
$55,504 
$33,001 
$21.848 
$0 
$34,721 
$2,525 
$0 
$35,935 
$24,531 
$13,540 
$6,667 
$0 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case' 
Cause No. 45911 
Settlement Agreement Attachment F 
Page 1 of 4 
UlLlllliilllllrntl , i 1,, , 
uJll I 
AES Indiana 
MU Lighting Rate Design 
184 EXCESS MATERIAL FOR CIRCLE CENTRE MALL 
185 PEDESTRIAN LIGHT FOR CIRCLE CENTRE MALL 
187 TWIN 80W LED POST TOP 
200 LED COBRA HEAD 5000-6000 LUMENS 
201 LED COBRA HEAD 6500-7500 LUMENS 
202 LED COBRA HEAD 12500-13500 LUMENS 
203 LED COBRA HEAD 20000-21500 LUMENS 
204 LED AREA LIGHT 11500-16500 LUMENS 
205 LED AREA LIGHT 21000-26000 LUMENS 
206 LED TRAD. POST TOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
207 LED TWIN WASH POST TOP 2@ 6000-7500-LT 
208 LED WASH POSTTOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
212 400 WATT HPS- OVERHEAD 
213 400 WA TT HPS - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
214 400 WATT HPS- METAL COLUMN 
215 250 WATT HPS- OVERHEAD 
216 250 WA TT HPS - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
217 250 WATT HPS - METAL COLUMN 
218 150 WATT HPS - OVERHEAD 
219 150 WA TT H PS - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
220 150 WA TT HPS - MET AL COLUMN 
221 I00WATTHPS-OVERHEAD 
222 100 WA TT HPS - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
223 l00WATTHPS-METALCOLUMN 
224 100 W HPS - POST TOP 
225 I 00 W HPS - POST TOP WASH 
226 150 W HPS- POSTTOP BALL 
227 150 W HPS- POST TOP WASH 
228 12' FG TRAD COL PAIRED W /LT 
232 1-150 & 4-100 WATT HPS - CLUSTER 
233 400 WA TT HPS-METAL COLUMN-PAINTED BRONZE 
234 400 WATT HPS-TRAFFIC COLUMN-PAINT BRONZE 
235 250 WA TT HPS-METAL COLUMN-PAINTED BRONZE 
236 250 WA TT HPS-TRAFFIC COLUMN-PAINT BRONZE 
237 12' FG FLUTED COL CUST BASE PAIRED W /LT 
238 I 00 WATT HPS - FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
239 150 WATT HPS - FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
240 250 WATT HPS - FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
24 l 400 WATT HPS- FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
242 14' AL FLUTED COL CUST BASE PAIRED W /LT 
243 14 FG FLUTED COL DIRECT BURY PAIRED W /LT 
244 14 FG SMOOTH COL DIRECT BURY PAIRED W /LT 
245 150 WA TT HPS UP ASS 4 l OOH RS -WALL MOUNTED 
246 250 W HPS - SHOEBOX 
248 2-250 W HPS-SHOEBOX 
250 400 WATT HPS UPASS 8760HRS WALL MOUNTED 
251 150 WATT HPS UPASS 8760HRS WALL MOUNTED 
254 AL COL W /BASE PAIRED W /LT 
255 AL COL ON CUST OWNED BASE PAIRED W /LT 
265 400 W HPS - SHOEBOX 
266 2-400 W HPS-SHOEBOX 
269 AL COL BZ W/BASE PAIRED W/LT 
270 AL COL BZ ON CUST BASE PAIRED W /LT 
278 FG COL DIRECT BURY PAIRED W/LT 
385 PEDESTRIAN LIGHT FOR CIRCLE CENTRE MALL 
386 80W LED POST TOP 
396 WD POLE W/OH FEED-W/OR W/O LT 
397 WD POLE W/UG FEED-PAIRED W/LT 
l 
47 
53 
1,226 
462 
460 
171 
0 
31 
336 
35 
138 
4 
0 
32 
25 
0 
42 
12 
0 
l 
27 
0 
31 
211 
117 
0 
247 
336 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
2 
13 
0 
1 
52 
14 
88 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
122 
l 
1 
0 
0 
0 
104 
0 
0 
923 
109 
$6,304.32 
$812.16 
$792.96 
$213.63 
$219.31 
$266.64 
$308.63 
$287.71 
$321.02 
$262.09 
$632.93 
$350.10 
$451.68 
$410.16 
$579.12 
$389.04 
$347.40 
$516.48 
$346.80 
$305.40 
$474.24 
$317.64 
$276.00 
$444.96 
$304.80 
$406.20 
$385.08 
$429.00 
$88.20 
$962.16 
$604.80 
$347.7 6 
$552.00 
$285.12 
$178.80 
$359.88 
$393.48 
$435.72 
$498.24 
$206.76 
$181.56 
$156.12 
$285.60 
$431.52 
$494.16 
$539 .7 6 
$330.84 
$220.92 
$123.12 
$494.88 
$7 l 0.88 
$240.96 
$143.28 
$132.12 
$461.64 
$683.88 
$95.04 
$120.36 
I 
I 
$6,304 
$38.172 
$42,027 
$261,905 
$10 l.321 
$122,654 
$52,776 
$0 
$9,952 
$88,063 
$22,153 
$48,313 
$1,807 
$0 
$18,532 
$9.726 
$0 
$21,692 
$4,162 
$0 
$474 
$8,576 
$0 
$13,794 
$64,313 
$47,525 
$0 
$105,963 
$29,635 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$720 
$5,115 
$0 
$498 
$10,752 
$2,542 
$13.739 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$26,952 
$123 
$495 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$13,740 
$0 
$0 
$87,722 
$13,119 
ii 
1, 
I 
I 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case· 
Cause No. 45911 
Settlement Agreement Attachment F 
Page 2 of 4 
AES Indiana 
MU Lighting Rate Design 
Streellighting with CIAC - City of Indianapolis 
400 LED COBRA HEAD 5000-6000 LUMENS 
401 LED COBRA HEAD 6500-7500 LUMENS 
402 LED COBRA HEAD 12500-13500 LUMENS 
403 LED COBRA HEAD 20000-21500 LUMENS 
404 LED AREA LIGHT 11500-16500 LUMENS 
405 LED AREA LIGHT 21000-26000 LUMENS 
406 LED TRAD. POST TOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
407 LED TWIN WASH POST TOP 2@ 6000-7500 L 
408 LED WASH POST TOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
409 LED COBRA 12500-13500 L-OH FROM 215 
410 LED COBRA 12500-13500L-METAL COL FRM 217 
411 LED COBRA 6500-7500 L-OH FROM 218 
412 LED COBRA 5000-6000 L-OH FROM 221 
Streetlighting with CIAC - Non-City of Indianapolis 
400 LED COBRA HEAD 5000-6000 LUMENS 
401 LED COBRA HEAD 6500-7500 LUMENS 
402 LED COBRA HEAD 12500-13500 LUMENS 
403 LED COBRA HEAD 20000-21500 LUMENS 
404 LED AREA LIGHT 1 1500-16500 LUMENS 
405 LED AREA LIGHT 21000-26000 LUMENS 
406 LED TRAD. POST TOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
407 LED TWIN WASH POST TOP 2 @ 6000-7 500 L 
408 LED WASH POST TOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
409 LED COBRA 12500-13500 L-OH FROM 215 
410 LED COBRA 12500-13500L-METAL COL FRM 217 
411 LED COBRA 6500-7500 L-OH FROM 218 
412 LED COBRA 5000-6000 L-OH FROM 221 
Customer Installed, Owned, and Maintained (MU-1) 
55 250 WATT MV - CUSTOMER OWNED 
56 175 WATT MY-CUSTOMER OWNED 
59 400 WATT HPS - CUSTOMER OWNED 
60 250 WATT HPS - CUSTOMER OWNED 
61 150 WATT HPS - CUSTOMER OWNED 
63 1000 WATT HPS- CUSTOMER OWNED 
64 175 WATT MV ORNIMENTAL-CUSTOMER OWNED 
109 400 WATT HPS-CUSTOMER OWNED WO/MAINT 
111 150 WATT HPS - CUSTOMER OWNED WO/MAINT 
112 1000 WA TT HPS - CUSTOMER OWNED WO/MAINT 
Customer Installed, Owned, but Company Maintained (MU-1) 
120 400 WATT HPS - CUSTOMER OWNED W/MAINT 
Total MU-1 
13,346 
$91.68 
1,847 
$95.64 
6,422 
$112.09 
3,854 
$131.51 
3 
$111.74 
6 
$135.06 
0 
$99.94 
0 
$116.11 
0 
$96.40 
12 
$218.17 
2 
$344.65 
12 
$201.60 
72 
$197.76 
1,287 
$106.68 
273 
$110.64 
563 
$127.09 
121 
$146.51 
30 
$126.74 
0 
$150.06 
40 
$114.94 
0 
$131.11 
162 
$111.40 
0 
$233.17 
0 
$359.65 
0 
$216.60 
0 
$212.76 
2 
$167.04 
26 
$105.84 
477 
$168.60 
270 
$131.04 
253 
$97.80 
276 
$354.84 
2 
$157.20 
56 
$148.08 
0 
$77.40 
0 
$298.32 
13 
$168.60 
52,994 
$1,223.506 
$176,647 
$719,836 
$506,837 
$335 
$810 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$2.618 
$689 
$2.419 
$14,238 
$137.292 
$30,205 
$71.551 
$17.728 
$3,802 
$0 
$4,598 
$0 
$18,046 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$334 
$2,752 
$80.422 
$35,381 
$24,743 
$97,936 
$314 
$8,292 
$0 
$0 
$2.192 
$8,770,863 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case' 
Cause No. 45911 
Settlement Agreement Attachment F 
Page 3 of 4 
•• i llililJi,Ulll.lllltlilil,,lilllffilod,-lllllllllW IJ,IIJil I,~ lJIBd , , AIIL,b,;J[,,,,,. ,., . 
AES Indiana 
MU Lighting Rate Design 
Code 
Description 
Inventory 
Proposed Price 
Per Watt 
Proposed 
Revenue 
Customer Installed, Owned, and Maintained (MU-4) 
Total MU-4 
1,312 $ 
MU-4 Watts ==7=7=4=,9=5=6 
0.78 ==='S.,.6..,04..,.4,;;;6,...5 
Totol MU ===5=4=,3=0=6====sa===s==saSs=9 'se37;;i5¥a,3;i;j2~9 
Target 
$9,376,296 
Over (Under) Recovery 
($968) 
Code 
Description 
Minimum 
Minimum Per 
Wattage 
Fixture or Device 
Customer Installed, Owned, and Maintained (MU-4) 
MU-4 Rate Calculatlon=====60===='S=====46=.=80== 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case' 
Cause No. 45911 
Settlement Agreement Attachment F 
Page 4 of 4 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
Cause No. 45911 
Addendum to Settlement 
Agreement 
RB2 
RB3-S-R 
RB4 
RB5 
RBS 
RB7-S-R 
REV1-S-R 
REV2-R 
REV3 
REV4 
REV5-S-R 
REVS 
REV7 
REV8 
REV9 
REV10-S-R 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 
Index of Financial Exhibits 
Total Per Books Utllfty Plant In Service at Original Cost 
Addition or ACE Project 
Removal or Eagle Valley Outage Capital and Pele 2 Retirements 
Per Books Non-jurlsdlcllonal MISO MTEP Plant In Service 
Per Books Asset Retirement Cost 
Electric Materials and Supplies Inventory 
Summary or Electric Operating Revenue, Per Books and Pro Forma at Present and Proposed Reles 
summary of Electrlc Operating Revenue Adjustments 
Summary Taking Total Retail Revenue to Retail Basic Rates Revenue 
summary of Retail Basic Rales Revenue Adjustments for Wealherlzatlon, Customer Annuallzatlon, DSM 
lnslallatlons Annuallzallon and lo Remove Unbilled Revenues 
summary of Eleclrlc Operating Revenue Adjustments Adding Back Pro Forms al Prasent Rates Rider Revenues 
lo Achieve Total Retail Revenue Pro Forme al Present Rates 
Summary of Off.System Sales 
summary of Eleclrlc Rent Revenue 
summary of Miscellaneous Electric Revenue 
Pro Forms Adjustment to Capacity Sales 
Electric Operating Revenue Adjustment Taking Pro Forms at Present Rates to Pro Forms at Proposed Rates 
Nyhuls 
Allff/Barbarisl 
Aliff 
Aliff 
Coklow 
Coklow 
Baker 
Baker 
Aliff 
Steiner 
Coklow 
Aliff 
Steiner 
Baker/Rlmal 
~ 
OM3 
OM4 
OM5-S-R 
0MB 
OM7 
OMS 
OM9 
OM1D 
OM11 
OM12-S-R 
OM13 
OM14 
OM15-S-R 
OM16 
OM17 
~ 
OM18-S-R 
oj, 
OM19 
~ 
OM20 
1 
OM21-S-R 
' 
OM22-S-R 
_l, 
OM23 
OM24 
OM26 
OM26 
OM27-S-R 
TX2-S-R 
i 
TX3-S-R 
TX4-S-R 
j 
TX5 
"~ if 
TX6-S-R 
TX7 
I 
TXll-S-R 
~ 
AES Indiana 
Index of Financial Exhibits 
Cost of Fuel and Purchased Power 
Capacity Costs 
Off-System Sales Power Production Costs 
Generation Consumables Variable Expense 
Remove Certain Transportation Expenses 
Non-Outage Operating and Maintenance Costs 
Seasonal Nox Emission Allowance Expense 
Obsolete/Damaged Materials and Supplies Inventory Write-Offs Expense 
Non-Jurisdictional MISO MTEP Operating and Maintenance Expenses 
Storm Expenses 
Vegetation Management Costs 
MISO Non-Fuel Costs 
MISO Deferred Expense Amortization 
Wages of AES Indiana and AES U.S. Services, LLC Employees 
Employee Insurance lor AES Indiana and AES U.S. Services, LLC 
Pension Expense and OPEB 
ACE Project O&M Expense 
Image-Building Advertising Costs 
Injuries and Damages Expense 
Amortization of Rate Case Expense 
Miscellaneous Expense Adjustments 
AES U.S. Services, LLC Occupancy and Non-Labor Costs 
Remove ECR, TOSIC Tracker Items not Removed Elsewhere 
Property and Casually Insurance Expense 
Write-Off of Preliminary survey and Investigation Charges and Cancelled Capital Projects 
Summary of Income Taxes 
Currant Federal Income Tax Expense 
current State Income Tax Expense 
Federal and State Deferred Income Tax Expense 
Investment Tex Credit Expense 
Interest Expense for Interest Synchronization 
Imputation of Parent Company Interest 
Calculation or Effective Income Tex Rate 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Dickerson 
Steiner 
Steiner 
Steiner 
Coklow 
Blgalbal 
Steiner 
Coklow 
Aliff 
Aliff/Holtsclaw 
Bocook 
Aliff 
Aliff 
Whitehead 
Whlteheed 
Roach 
Barbarisl 
Robinson 
Robinson 
Robinson 
Coklow 
Nyhuls 
Aliff 
Robinson 
Coklow 
Robinson 
Mffler 
MIiier 
Mffler 
MUler 
MOier 
MOier 
MIier 
ASSET 
~ 
s 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
' 
4 
] 
5 
1 
j 
6 
-
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
" ' 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
21 
22 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES lndlana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule FS1 
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
At 
At 
Line 
12/31/2022 
12/31/2021 
No. 
UTILITY PLANT: 
Utility Plant in Service 
$ 
7,077,649 
$ 
6,765,414 
Less: Accumulated Depreciation 
4,057,940 
3,844,418 
2 
Net Utility Plant in Service 
3,019,708 
2,920,996 
3 
Construction Work in Progress 
280,732 
236,696 
4 
Other Utility Plant - Net 
1,002 
1,002 
5 
Total Utility Plant 
$ 
3,301,443 
$ 
3,158,694 
6 
OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS: 
Other Property and Investments 
$ 
6,164 
$ 
4,824 
7 
CURRENT ASSETS: 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 
$ 
199,094 
$ 
2,756 
8 
Accounts Receivable (Less Allowance for Doubtful 
Accounts of $1,117 and $647, respectively) 
155,871 
132,737 
9 
Fuel Stock 
60,146 
41,567 
10 
Plant Materials and Operating Supplies 
116,158 
86,981 
11 
Prepayments and Other Current Assets· 
115,813 
102,347 
12 
Total Current Assets 
$ 
647,081 
$ 
366,388 
13 
DEFERRED DEBITS: 
Unamortized Debt Expenses 
$ 
21,498 
$ 
18,229 
14 
Rate-Based Regulatory Assets 
414,885 
411,613 
15 
Non Rate-Based Regulatory Assets 
586,190 
446,614 
16 
Unamortized Loss on Reacquired Debt 
14,429 
15,703 
17 
Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes - FAS 109 
(4,566) 
(4,556) 
18 
Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes - Other 
181,950 
218,255 
19 
Miscellaneous 
37,839 
57,012 
20 
Total Deferred Debits 
$ 
1,252,227 
$ 
1,162,869 
21 
TOTAL ASSETS 
$ 
5,206,916 
$ 
4,692,775 
22 
-.;l 
~ 
=, 
J 
j 
j 
"' 
Ji. 
oi 
-:i II 
i " 
~ 
;il 
l 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES lndlana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule FS2 
Balance Sheets as of December 31 , 2022 and December 31, 2021 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES 
Line 
Al 
At 
Line 
No. 
December 31, 2022 
December 31, 2021 
No. 
PROPRIETARY CAPITAL: 
Common Stock Issued 
$ 
324,537 
$ 
324,537 
1 
2 
Preferred Stock Issued 
59,135 
2 
3 
Premium on Cumulative Preferred Stock 
649 
3 
4 
Other Paid In Capital 
1,193,107 
939,994 
4 
5 
Retained Earnings 
419,818 
422,490 
5 
6 
Unappropriated Undistributed Subsidiary Earnlngs/(Deficlt) 
5,648 
4,307 
6 
7 
Total Proprietary Capital 
$ 
1,943,109 
$ 
1,751,111 
7 
LONG-TERM DEBT: 
8 
Bonds 
$ 
2,153,800 
$ 
1,803,800 
8 
9 
Unamortized Discount on Long-Term Debt 
(6,651) 
(6,855) 
9 
10 
Total Long-Term Debt 
$ 
2,147,149 
$ 
1,797,945 
10 
OTHER NONCURRENT LIABILITIES: 
11 
Obllgatlons Under Capital Leases-Noncurrent 
$ 
$ 
11 
12 
Accumulated Provision for Injuries and Damages 
200 
12 
13 
Accumulated Provision for Pensions and Benefits 
278 
239 
13 
14 
Accumulated Miscellaneous Operating Provisions 
1,000 
14 
15 
Long-Term Portion of Derivative Instrument Liabilities 
15 
16 
Asset Retirement Obligations 
217,570 
189,509 
16 
17 
Total Other Noncurrent Liabllltles 
$ 
217,847 
$ 
190,948 
17 
CURRENT AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES: 
18 
Accounts Payable 
$ 
184,064 
$ 
159,191 
18 
19 
Short Term Debt 
60,000 
19 
20 
Customer Deposits 
35,097 
28,917 
20 
21 
Taxes Accrued 
14,124 
16,341 
21 
22 
Interest Accrued 
24,526 
22,241 
22 
23 
Dividends Declared 
7,500 
7,500 
23 
24 
Tax Collections Payable 
8,353 
6,908 
24 
25 
Other Current Liabilities 
24,314 
26,653 
25 
26 
Total Current & Accrued Llabllltles 
$ 
297,978 
$ 
327,750 
26 
DEFERRED CREDITS: 
27 
Accumulated Deferred Investment Tax Credits 
$ 
24 
$ 
27 
27 
28 
other Deferred Credits 
3,127 
4,339 
28 
29 
Other Regulatory Llabllltles 
117,137 
108,177 
29 
30 
Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes - FAS 109 
(93,227) 
(104,728) 
30 
31 
Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes - Other 
573,772 
617,205 
31 
32 
Total Deferred Credits 
$ 
600,833 
$ 
626,020 
32 
33 
TOTAL CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES 
$ 
5 206 916 
$ 
4 692 775 
33 
Line 
~ 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
a 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
21 
22 
23 
24 
25 
26 
27 
28 
29 
30 
31 
32 
33 
34 
35 
36 
37 
38 
39 
40 
41 
AES Indiana 
Statements of Income 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule FS3 
For the Twelve Month Periods Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Twelve 
Twelve 
Months Ended 
Months Ended 
Line 
December 31, 2022 
December 31, 2021 
No. 
OPERATING REVENUES 
$ 
1,787,190 
$ 
1.426,197 
OPERATING EXPENSES: 
Operating Expense 
$ 
1,084,676 
$ 
700,694 
2 
Maintenance Expense 
177,654 
160,266 
3 
Depreciation Expense 
295,119 
282,032 
4 
Amortization of Depletion of Plant 
16,253 
11.477 
5 
Amortization of Utility Plant Acquisition Adjustment 
22 
13 
6 
Amortization of Regulatory Debits/Credits 
(39,302) 
(37,205) 
7 
Taxes Other Than Income Taxes 
33.464 
45,214 
8 
Income Taxes - Federal 
31,385 
36.412 
9 
Income Taxes - Other 
8,168 
10,265 
10 
Net Deferred Income Taxes - Federal 
(7,278) 
(8,410) 
11 
Net Deferred Income Taxes - other 
125 
(366) 
12 
ITC Adjustment, Net 
(3) 
2 
13 
Gains on Disposition of Allowances 
(4,358) {1) 
14 
ARO Accretion and Loss on ARO Settlements 
15 
Total utility Operating Expenses 
$ 
1,575,927 
$ 
1,200,395 
16 
Net Utility Operating Income 
$ 
211,263 
$ 
225,802 
17 
NON UTILITY OPERATING INCOME: 
Revenues from Nonutlllty Operations 
$ 
10 
$ 
15 
18 
Expenses of Nonutlllty Operations 
{13) 
(9) 
19 
Non-operating Rental Income 
99 
1,020 
20 
Equity In Earnings of Subsldlartes 
1.416 
4,284 
21 
Interest and Dividend Income 
672 
19 
22 
Allowance for Equity Funds Used Durtng Construction 
4,784 
5.417 
23 
Miscellaneous Non-operating Income 
6 
4 
24 
Gain on Disposition of Property 
25 
Total Other Income 
$ 
6,974 
$ 
10,750 
26 
OTHER INCOME DEDUCTIONS: 
Loss on Disposition of Property 
$ 
$ 
27 
Miscellaneous Amortization 
28 
Donations 
1,234 
1.479 
29 
Penal ties 
100 
4 
30 
Civic Expenditures 
588 
652 
31 
other Deductions 
200 
215 
32 
Taxes on other Income and Deductions 
54 
0 
33 
Total Other Income Deductions 
$ 
2,176 
$ 
2,251 
34 
INTEREST CHARGES: 
Interest on Long-Term Debt 
$ 
87,166 
$ 
83,866 
35 
Amortization of Debt Discount 
1,260 
1,221 
36 
Amortization of Loss on Reacquired Debt 
6.471 
3,786 
37 
Other Interest-Expense 
38 
Allowance for Borrowed Funds Used During Construction 
(8,215) 
(4,815) 
39 
Net Interest Charges 
$ 
86,682 
$ 
84,058 
40 
NET INCOME 
$ 
129 378 
$ 
150,243 
41 
(1) These dollars have been reclassified against Operating Revenues (specifically Misc Revenues on REVS) In determining 
beginning balances for OPINC and REV1. 
~ 
l 
Line 
No. 
:§: 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
ill 
13 
1 
14 
~ 
15 
16 
] 
17 
18 
19 
20 
21 
22 
23 
24 
25 
26 
27 
26 
29 
30 
31 
32 
33 
34 
i 
35 
j; 
36 
~ 
37 
38 
39 
40 
41 
42 
AES Indiana 
Statement of Cash Flows 
AES lndlana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule FS4 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Twelve Months Ended 
Line 
December 31, 2022 
No. 
NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERA TING ACTIVITIES: 
Net Income 
$ 
129,378 
NONCASH CHARGES (CREDITS) TO INCOME: 
Depreciation and Depletion 
$ 
263,791 
2 
Amortization of of Debt Discounts, Premiums, & Expenses 
2,511 
3 
Deferred Income Taxes (Net) 
(7,152) 
4 
Investment Tax Credit Adjustment (Net) 
(3) 
5 
Net (Increase) Decrease in Receivables 
(38,699) 
6 
Net (Increase) Decrease In Inventory 
(47,894) 
7 
Net (Increase) Decrease In Allowances Inventory 
8 
Net Increase (Decrease) in Payables and Accrued Expenses 
38,617 
9 
Net (Increase) Decrease In Other Regulatory Assets 
20,295 
10 
Net Increase (Decrease) in Other Regulatory Liabilities 
16,663 
11 
(Less) Allowance for Other Funds Used During Construction 
4,784 
12 
(Less) Undistributed Earnings from Subsidiary Companies 
1,313 
13 
Net (Decrease) Increase in Pension & OPEB benefits 
(8,727) 
14 
Accrued taxes payable/receivable 
(29) 
15 
other miscellaneous 
13,065 
16 
Nel cash provided by operating activities 
$ 
376,719 
17 
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES: 
Gross Additions to Utility Plant 
$ 
(393,167) 
18 
(Less) Allowance for Other Funds Used During Construction 
(3,261) 
19 
Asset Removal Costs Net of Salvage 
(23,948) 
20 
Net change In construction payables 
(14,200) 
21 
Cash outflows for plant 
$ 
(428,054) 
22 
Acquisition of Other Noncurrent Assets 
(3,910) 
23 
Investments In and Advances to Assoc. and Subsidiary Companies 
(94,862) 
24 
Other 
(719) 
25 
Nel cash used In Investing ectlvllies 
$ 
(527,646) 
26 
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
Long-Tenn Debt 
$ 
350,000 
27 
Issuance of Short-Tenn Debl 
28 
Equity Contribution from Parent 
253,000 
29 
Nel Increase In Short-Tenn Debt 
600,000 
30 
Cash Provided by Outside Sources 
$ 
1,103,000 
31 
PAYMENTS FOR RETIREMENT OF: 
Long-term Debt 
$ 
32 
Preferred Stock 
(60,080) 
33 
Other 
(33) 
34 
Nel Decrease In Short-Term Debt 
(560,000) 
35 
Debt Issuance Costs 
(4,309) 
36 
Dividends on Preferred Stock 
(3,213) 
37 
Dividends on Common Stock 
(127,200) 
38 
Net cash proVlded by financing acllVIUes 
$ 
348,165 
39 
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
$ 
198,338 
40 
Cash and cash equivalents al beginning of period 
2,756 
41 
Cash and cash equivalents al end of period 
$ 
199 094 
42 
AES Indiana 
Long-Term Debt as of December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Principal 
Line 
Maturity 
Outstanding 
Pro Forma 
at December 31, 
No. 
Series 
Date 
2022 
Adjustments 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
Secured 1st Mortgage Bonds 
5.65% series, due December, 2032 
12/1/2032 $ 
350,000 
$ 
2 
1.40% series, due August. 2029 
8/1/2029 
55,000 
3 
.65% series, due August. 2025 
8/1/2025 
40,000 
4 
3.125% series, due December. 2024 
12/1/2024 
40,000 
5 
6.60% series. due January, 2034 
1/1/2034 
100,000 
6 
6.05% series, due October, 2036 
1011/2036 
158,800 
7 
6.60% series, due June, 2037 
611/2037 
165,000 
8 
4.875% series, due November, 2041 
11/1/2041 
140,000 
9 
4.65% series, due June. 2043 
61112043 
170,000 
10 
4.50% series, due June. 2044 
6/1/2044 
130,000 
11 
4.70% series, due September, 2045 
9/1/2045 
260,000 
12 
4.05% series, due May, 2046 
5/1/2046 
350,000 
13 
4.875% series, due November, 2048 
11/1/2048 
105,000 
14 
.75% series, due April, 2026 
4/1/2026 
30,000 
15 
.95% series, due April, 2026 
4/1/2026 
60,000 
16 
Total before premium 
$ 
2,153,800 
$ 
17 
Unamortized redemption premium 
$ 
(764) 
$ 
18 
Totals 
$ 
2,153,036 
$ 
19 
Weighted Effective Interest Rate (Col. 6 / Col. 4) 
(1) Calculated as required by Accounting Standard Update (ASU) No. 835-30-35 and ASU No. 835-30-20. 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper CC 1. 
Effective 
Total 
Interest 
Pro Forma 
Rate(1) 
(Col.4) 
(Col.5) 
$ 
350,000 
5.82% 
55,000 
1.59% 
40,000 
1.04% 
40,000 
3.81 % 
100,000 
6.82% 
158,800 
6.23 % 
165,000 
6.68% 
140,000 
5.74% 
170,000 
4.73% 
130,000 
4.66% 
260,000 
4.81 % 
350,000 
4.15% 
105,000 
3.94% 
30,000 
0.97% 
60,000 
1.17% 
$ 
2,153,800 
$ 
(764) 
$ 
2,153,036 
4.90% 
v,,,I 
-,1 
l 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Annual 
Line 
Cost 
No. 
(Col.6) 
$ 
20,363 
877 
2 
417 
3 
1,522 
4 
6,816 
5 
9,894 
6 
11,021 
7 
8,042 
8 
8,047 
9 
6,055 
10 
12,498 
11 
14,541 
12 
4,134 
13 
292 
14 
705 
15 
$ 
105,225 
16 
$ 
262 
17 
$ 
105,487 
18 
C/l 
)> )> 
Cl 
m m 
::r C/l 
C/l 
19 
.. 
C. 5" 5" 
C 
C. 
C. 
.. ;. ;. 
0 
::, 
::, 
~ "' ., 
)> 
N 
::; 
0 
"' 
N 
Cl ... 
::r m 
3 .. 
.. ., 
;a. ;; 
0 
;o 
)> ., 
;-
~ ., 
0 
C/l .. ., .. 
➔ 
~ 
~ 
i 
~ 
l 
a;a 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule CC2-S-R 
Weighted Average Cost of Capital 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Balance al 
Percent 
Weighted 
December 31, 
of 
Return 
Return 
Line 
Component of Capitalization 
2022 
Total 
Rate 
Rate 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
(Col.4) 
Long-Term Debt 
$ 
2,153,036 
49.15% 
4.90% 
2.41 % 
Preferred Stock 
-% 
-% 
-% 
2 
Common Equity 
1,943,109 
44.36 % 
(2) 
4.39 % 
3 
Customer Deposits 
35,097 
0.80% 
6.00 % 
0.05% 
4 
Prepaid Pension Asset (net of OPEB liability) 
(1) 
(3.04)% 
-% 
-% 
5 
Deferred Income Taxes 
382,560 
8.73% 
-% 
-% 
6 
Post 1970 ITC 
24 
-% 
7.28 % (3) 
-% 
7 
Totals 
$ 
4,380,726 
100.00 % 
6.85% 
8 
Please see AES Indiana Attachment HMR-2 
Provided by AES Indiana Witness McKenzie 
Computed as the weighted return on Investor-supplied capital: 
Long-Term Debt 
$ 
2,153,036 
52.56 % 
4.90% 
2.58 % 
Preferred Stock 
-% 
-% 
-% 
Common Equity 
1,943,109 
47.44 % 
9.90% 
4.70% 
$ 
4,096,145 
100.00 % 
7.28 % 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper CC2. 
Jt 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replaclng Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule REVREQ1-S-R 
AES Indiana 
Allowable Electric Operating Income Requirement 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
No. 
1 Original cost rate base 
2 
Rate of return 
3 Allowable electric operating Income 
4 
Less: Electric operating income proforma 
at present rates 
5 
Deficiency in electric operating income 
6 
Revenue conversion factor 
7 
Deficiency in electric operating revenue 
8 Additional operating revenue produced by 
proposed rates 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
(Col. 1) 
3,444,878 
6.85% 
235,972 
182,885 
53,087 
0.747322 
71,037 
71,037 
Supporting 
AES Indiana Financial Exhibit 
Reference 
(Col. 2) 
AESI-RB, Schedule RB1-S-R 
Column 6, Line 9 
AESI-CC, Schedule CC2-S-R 
Line 1 multiplied by Line 2 
AESI-OPER, Schedule 
OPINC-S-R, Column 4, Line 13 
AESI-REVREQ, Schedule 
REVREQ2-S-R, Line 19 
Line 5 divided by Line 6 
AESI-OPER, Schedule 
OPINC-S-R, Column 5, Line 1 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
Line 
1 
~ 
~ 
Revenue 
-* 
2 
Less: 
Uncollecllbles 
3 
Public utlllty fee 
4 
State tax base 
5 
Timas: State lax rate 
6 
Effective slate tax rate 
7 
Revenue 
8 
Less: 
Uncollectlbles 
9 
Public utlllty fee 
10 
Effective state tax rate 
'I 
11 
Federal lax base 
1 
12 
Times: Federal lax rate 
] 
13 
Effective federal lax rate tor taxable Income 
...:;: 
~ 
14 
Revenue 
15 
Less: 
Uncoliectlbles 
16 
Public uUllty fee 
17 
Effective slate tax rate 
18 
Effective federal tax rate for Income 
19 
Revenue conversion factor 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule REVREQ2-S-R 
Gross Revenue Conversion Factor 
At December 31, 2022 
Supporting AES! Financial 
Line 
Exhibit Reference 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
1.000000 
0.003814 
AESI-OPER, Schedule OM27-S-R 
2 
0.001468 
AESI-OPER, Schedule OM28-S-R 
3 
0,994718 
4 
0.049000 
AESI-OPER, Schedule TX3-S-R 
5 
0.048741 
6 
1.000000 
7 
0,003814 
AESI-OPER, Schedule OM27-S-R 
8 
0.001468 
AESI-OPER, Schedule OM28-S-R 
9 
0,048741 
Una 6, above 
10 
0.945977 
Line 7, less Lines 8-10 
11 
0.210000 
AESI-OPER, Schedule TX2-S-R 
12 
0.198655 
13 
1.000000 
14 
0.003814 
AESI-OPER, Schedule OM27-S-R 
15 
0,001468 
AESI-OPER, Schedule OM28-S-R 
16 
0.048741 
Line 6, above 
17 
0.198655 
Line 13, above 
18 
0.747322 
19 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
Description 
Per books (Schedules RB2, RB7, RB8, RB9) 
Add ACE Project (Schedule RB3) 
AES Indiana 
Original Cost Electric Rate Base 
Per Books at December 31, 2022 and Pro Forma 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Accumulated 
Plant 
Depreciation 
in 
And 
Service 
Amortization 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
$ 
7,077,649 
$ 
(4,057,940) 
83,838 
Remove Eagle Valley Outage capital Costs and Pete 2 and Pete 1 & 2 Shared Assets (Schedule RB4) 
(512,743) 
492,909 
Remove non-jurisdictions! MISO MTEP plant in 
service (Schedule RB5) 
(20,788) 
3,447 
Remove net asset retirement cost (Schedule RBS) 
(196,676) 
154,349 
Adjustment to materials & supplies inventory (Schedule RB7) 
Adjustment to fuel stock inventory (Schedule RB8) 
Adjustment to regulatory assets (Schedule RB9) 
Pro forms original cost rate base 
$ 
6,431,281 
$ 
(3,407,235) 
$ 
$ 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Materials 
and 
Suppfies 
Fuel Stock 
Regulatory 
Line 
Inventory 
Inventory 
Assets 
Totals 
No. 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
(Col. 5) 
(Col. 6) 
115,958 
$ 
55,780 $ 
411,614 
$ 
3,603,060 
83,838 
2 
(19,834) 
3 
(17,341) 
4 
(42,326) 
5 
(4,923) 
(4,923) 
6 
(26,728) 
(26,728) 
7 
(130,869) 
(130,869) 
8 
CJ) :I> :I> 
am m 
l"' en 
£[ [ 
lllji"i» 
;o:, :, 
OJ .... 
111,035 
$ 
29,052 $ 
280,745 
$ 
3,444878 
9 ti~ 
:::b O 
c.,, 
:,-
OJ 
3 .. 
.. !!. 
:, " 
gf 
;o .. 
No 
CJ):: .. 
Line 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule RB2 
Total Per Books Utility Plant In Service at Original Cost 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Total 
Per Books 
Plant In Service 
No. 
Description 
at December 31, 2022 
Original Cost 
Line 
No. 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
Intangible plant 
Systems software 
Production plant 
Transmission plant 
Distribution plant 
General plant 
Total utility plant in service 
Production plant acquisition adjustment 
Total utility plant including acquisition adjustment (See 
Schedule RB1, Line 1, Col. 1) 
Accumulated utility plant in service depreciation 
Accumulated amortization of production plant acquisition 
adjustment 
Total accumulated depreciation and amortization (See 
Schedule RB1, Line 1, Col. 2) 
Net utility plant in service (Line 9, less Line 12) 
(Col.1) 
$ 
$ 
46 
153,606 
4,165,600 
461,042 
2,036,697 
260,172 
7,077,164 
485 
7,077,649 
(4,057,713) 
(227) 
(4,057,940) 
3,019,708 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Include Addition of ACE Project 
{Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
No. 
Description 
1 Miscellaneous Intangible Plant (Software System} 
2 AFUDC 
Total 
Projected 
Project 
Costs 
(Col. 1) 
79,934 
$ 
3,904 
Total 
Per Books 
In Service at 
Dec 31, 2022 
(Col. 2) 
Pro Forma 
Adjustment 
(Col. 3) 
$ 
79,934 
3,904 
3 
Net projected and per book totals 
$ 
83,838 
83,838 =$======== =$========== 
Net proforma addition to plant in service (See Schedule RB1, Line 
4 
2, Column 1) 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper RB3. 
$ 
83,838 
Line 
No. 
1 
2 
3 
4 
en > > 
o mm 
::::r en en 
II) 5" 5" 
c.. c.. 
c.. 
C 
co 
;;o 
DJ 
c., 
in 
;;o 
iii iii 
::I ::I 
II) II) 
)> N 
-o 
-._, 
~ (,,) 
:::; DJ 
3 II) 
II)~ 
::I 0 
~ ;;o 
)> ~ 
;;o II) 
•o 
NIii 
en"' 
II) 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Pro Fonna Adjustment to Remove Petersburg Unit 2 and Unit 1 & 2 Shared Assets 
and Eagle Valley Forced Outage Capital Costs 
Line 
No. 
Description 
Gross Utility Plant: 
Construction Costs: 
Intangible plant 
2 
Systems software 
3 
Production plant 
4 
Transmission plant 
5 
Distribution plant 
6 
General plant 
7 
Total Utility Plant 
8 
Pro-Forma In-Service Plant at December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
$ 
Pete Unit 2 and 1 &2 Shared Assets 
Retirements (1) 
(Col.1) 
501,630 
501,630 
$ 
Eagle Valley Forced 
Outage (2) 
(Col.2) 
11,112 
11,112 
$ 
Line 
All Projects 
No. 
(Col.3} 
2 
512,743 
3 
4 
5 
6 
512,743 
7 
8 
9 
Pro-Forma Adjustment to Total Utility Plant (See Schedule RB1 Line 3 Column 1) 
$ 
(501,630) =$=====(=1=1,=1=12=) 
$ 
(512,743) 
9 
Pete Unit2 and 1&2 Shared Assets 
Accumulated Depreciation: 
Retirements 
10 
Per Books December 31, 2022 
$ 
11 
Pro-Forma Accumulated Depreciation at December 31, 2022 
12 
Pro Forma Adjustment (See Schedule RB1, Line 3, Column 2) 
$ 
13 
Net Difference 
$ 
(1) Removal of PETE Unit2 and Shared Assets for Pete 1&2, which is included in utility plant in service on Schedule RB2. 
(2) Removal of Eagle Forced Outage per FAC 133 S1 Order, which is included in utility plant in service on Schedule RB2. 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Schedule RB4-WP1. 
(492,819) 
492,819 
(8,812) 
Eagle Valley Forced 
Outage 
All Projects 
$ 
(90) 
$ 
(492,909} 10 
11 
$ 
90 
$ 
492,909 
12 
$ 
(11,022) 
$ 
(19,834) 13 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES lndlana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule RBS 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Remove 
Per Books Non-Jurisdictional MISO MTEP (1) Plant In Service 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Total 
Per Books 
Non-Jurisdictional 
Plant In Service 
Line 
No. 
Description 
at December 31, 2022 
Original Cost 
Line 
No. 
Intangible plant 
2 
Systems software 
3 
Production plant 
4 
Transmission plant 
5 
Distribution plant 
6 
General plant 
7 
Total (See Schedule RB1, Line 4, Col. 1) 
8 
Less: Accumulated depreciation (See Schedule RB1, Line 4, Col. 2) 
9 
Net non-jurisdictional MISO MTEP plant in service 
(1) MISO Transmission Expansion Plan ("MTEP") 
(Col. 1) 
$ 
$ 
(20,788) 
(20,788) 
3,447 
(17,341) 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
=i 
i 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rate Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule RB6 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Remove Per Books Asset Retirement Cost 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Intangible plant 
Systems software 
Production plant 
Transmission plant 
Distribution plant 
General plant 
Description 
Total (See Schedule RB1, Line 5, Column 1) 
Less: Accumulated depreciation (See Schedule RB1, Line 5, Column 2) 
$ 
Total 
Per Books 
Asset Retirement 
Cost 
at December 31, 2022 
Original Cost 
(Col. 1) 
(195,718) 
(30) 
(235) 
(693) 
(196,676) 
154,349 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
Net asset retirement cost 
$ 
(42,326) 
9 
line 
No. 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
,.fillHi~Jlllilll,dllR;ill1¥-;;™1~-,UtalWUI.J.k-+1l✓alw,>iil.i;l,,Ulilli..JI. 
December 31, 2021 
January 31, 2022 
February 28, 2022 
March 31, 2022 
April 30, 2022 
May 31, 2022 
June 30, 2022 
July 31, 2022 
August 31, 2022 
September 30, 2022 
October 31, 2022 
November 30, 2022 
December 31, 2022 
Average 
AES Indiana 
Electric Materials and Supplies Inventory 
Per Books at December 31, 2022 and Pro Forma 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
$ 
$ 
T&D 
Non-Capital Spare 
5 Mo. Average 
(Col.1) 
-$ 
43,555 
49,360 
50,616 
51,610 
53,335 
Other 
Materials & Supplies 
13 Mo. Average 
(Col. 2) 
60,653 
60,990 
61,421 
61,590 
61,697 
61,035 
60,159 
60,794 
61,239 
61,598 
61,719 
61,904 
62,623 
-
.• ~-,, •. 
···'f--"' 
,x, •. 
49,695 , ,. •,, . ':'., ,· 
. 
15 
Less: Per books at December 31, 2022 
16 
Proforma adjustment (Line 14, less Line 15) (See Schedule RB1, line 6, Column 3) 
Total Average 
(Col. 3) 
$ 
111,035 
115,958 
$ 
(4,923) 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper RB7. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
en )> > 
<>mm 
~ en en 
Cl. -
-
:. ~ [ 
CD m° i6° 
;;ti:::,:::, 
ID m ., 
.... >"' 
ln if ~ 
;b n 
CJ 
:::r ID 
3 .. 
m !!. 
:::, 
C) 
... ;;ti 
0 .. 
> lil' 
1' .. 
""o 
en., .. 
m 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
_.; 
j 
~ 
1 
-,,,if 
l 
..:;c 
·? 
--' 
j 
~ 
' 
j 
~ 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule RBS 
Electric Fuel Stock Inventory 
Per Books at December 31, 2022 and Pro Forma 
Line 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col. 3) 
Fuel Stock (151) 
Total Cost 
Coal 
Tons 
Cost per Ton 
(In OOO's) 
Per Books Inventory at December 31, 2022: 
Petersburg 
1,065,105 
$ 
49 
$ 
52,512 
Harding Street 
0 
2 
Eagle Valley 
0 
3 
Total actual coal Inventory 
1,065,105 $ 
49 
$ 
52,512 
4 
OIi 
Gallons 
Cost 
Petersburg 
413,597 
$ 
4 
$ 
1,711 
5 
Harding Street 
853,429 
2 
1,557 
6 
Total actual oil inventory 
1,267,026 $ 
3 
$ 
3,268 
7 
Total per books Inventory 
$ 
55,780 
8 
Total Cost 
Pro Forma Inventory Level: 
Tons 
Cost per Ton 
(In OOO's) 
Petersburg 
525,000 
$ 
49 
$ 
25,883 
9 
Harding Street 
0 
10 
Eagle Valley 
0 
11 
Total pro forma coal Inventory 
525 000 
$ 
49 
$ 
25,883 
12 
OIi 
Gallons 
Cost 
Petersburg 
325,000 
$ 
4 
$ 
1,344 
13 
Harding Street 
1,000,000 
2 
1,824 
14 
Total pro forms oil Inventory 
1,325,000 $ 
2 
$ 
3,169 
15 
Total proforma Inventory 
$ 
29,052 
16 
Proforma adjustment (Line 16, less Line 8) (See Schedule RB1, Line 7, Column 4) 
$ 
(26,728) 
17 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper RBB. 
AES Indiana 
Regulatory Assets lncludable as Electric Rate Base 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
Description 
Unamortized Petersburg Unit No. 4 deferred costs and carrying charges: 
Unit 4 depreciation and post-In-service AFUDC deferred from the 
April 28, 1986 in-service date through the August 6, 1986 IURC order 
in Cause No. 37837 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC from the August 6, 1986 
IURC order in Cause No. 37837 through the August 24, 1995 IURC 
order in Cause No. 39938 
Total Petersburg Unit No. 4 deferred costs 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC on projects approved in the 
November 14, 2002 IURC order in Cause No. 42170, the November 
30, 2004 IURC order in Cause No. 42700, the April 2, 2008 IURC 
order in Cause No. 43403, the August 14, 2013 IURC order in Cause 
No. 44242, and the July 29, 2015 IURC order in Cause No. 44540 
5 
Unamortized deferred depreciation on projects approved in the 
April 2, 2008 IURC order in Cause No. 43403, the August 14, 2013 
IURC order in Cause No. 44242, and the July 29, 2015 IURC order in 
Cause No. 44540 
6 
Depreciation of NAAQS-DBA deferred per the April 26, 2017 order 
in Cause No. 44794 
7 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC for NAAQS-DBA per the 
April 26, 2017 order in Cause No. 44794 
8 
Depreciation of CCR Bottom Ash deferred per the April 26, 2017 order 
in Cause No. 44794 
9 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC for CCR Bottom Ash per the 
April 26, 2017 order in Cause No. 44794 
$ 
Regulatory 
Projected 
Asset 
Activity 
Balance at 
Through 
12/31/2022 
5/31/2023 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
2,478 
1,388 
3,866 
10,833 
14,012 
36 
71 
847 
353 
Less: 
Temporary 
Rates 
Credit 
(Col.3) 
$ 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Annual 
Pro Forma 
Amortization to 
Adjusted 
Electric 
Line 
Balances 
Cost of Service 
No. 
(Col.4) 
(Col.5) 
2,478 $ 
676 
2 
1,388 
379 
3,866 
1,055 
(1) 
3 
4 
10,833 
988 
(2) 
5 
14,012 
""'l>l> 
o:a 
O mm 
1,401 
(3) 
~ ;cncn 
;~[[ 
-CD iii'ii" 
6 
QI ::u :s :s 
CJ .... 
36 
4 
(4) 
"' )> ., 
(I)~ 0 
' .. ., 
;u" ... 
::r CJ 
3 .. 
7 
.. '" 
::, -
-" 
71 
7 
(5) 
o::u 
)> .. 
;u Iii 
N"' 
8 
1110 .. 
UJ 
847 
85 
(6) 
.. 
9 
353 
35 
(7) 
Regulatory 
Projected 
Less: 
Asset 
Activity 
Temporary 
Line 
Balance at 
Through 
Rates 
No. 
Description 
12/31/2022 
5/31/2023 
Crecfd 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col. 3) 
10 
Depredation of NAAQS-Other projects deferred per the April 26, 2017 order 
in Cause No. 44794 
$ 
471 
11 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC for NAAQS-Other projects 
per the April 26, 2017 order in Cause No. 44794 
359 
12 
Depredation of Eagle Valley CCGT and Harding Street 5 & 6 Refueling 
deferred per the May 14, 2014 IURC order in Cause No. 44339 
16,335 
13 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC for the Eagle Valley CCGT and 
Harding Street 5 & 6 refueling per the May 14, 2014 IURC order in Cause 
No. 44339 
33,110 
14 
Electric vehide regulatory asset deferred per the March 18, 2015 IURC 
order in Cause No. 44478 
625 
15 
Harding Street Unit 7 Preservation Costs deferred per the June 22, 
2016 IURC order in Cause No. 42170 -ECR 26 
1,482 
16 
20% HS7 Gas Conversion revenue requirement deferred per the 
July 29, 2015 IURC order in Cause No. 44540 
(2,151) 
,1 
! 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Annual 
Pro Forma 
Amortization to 
Adjusted 
Electric 
line 
Balances 
Cost of Service 
No. 
(Col.4) 
(Col.5) 
10 
$ 
471 
$ 
47 
(8) 
11 
359 
36 
(9) 
12 
16,335 
838 
(10) 
'011> ►> 
mnmm 
13 
~ ~Cl)CI) 
....,12.:Js-
o5.a.c. 
-CD ii"ii' 
33,110 
1,643 
(11) 
OI ::ti ::l ::l 
a, .... 
;1~ 
14 
::Un"' 
:::ra, 
3 .. 
625 
106 
(12) 
CD 
IO 
an 
o::u 
>"' 
15 
::ucil" ... 
1,482 
423 
(13) 
~~ 
.. .. 
16 
(2,151) 
(538) 
(14) 
Regulatory 
Projected 
Asset 
Activity 
Line 
Balance at 
Through 
No. 
Description 
12/31/2022 
5/31/2023 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
17 
20% NPDES revenue requirement deferred per the July 29, 2015 
IURC order in Cause No. 44540 
$ 
14,439 
18 
20% NAAQS OBA revenue requirement deferred per the April 26, 2017 
IURC order in Cause No. 44794 
719 
19 
20% CCR Bottom Ash revenue requirement deferred per the April 26, 2017 
IURC order in Cause No. 44794 
1,593 
20 
20% NAAQS Other revenue requirement deferred per the April 26, 2017 
IURC order in Cause No. 44794 
2,198 
21 
Unamortized Petersburg Unit 1 capital costs at retirement date 
deferred per the November 17, 2021 IURC order in Cause No. 45502 
47,543 
(6,667) 
22 
Unamortized Petersburg 2 (& Pete 1&2 Shared) capital costs at retirement 
date deferred per the November 17, 2021 IURC order in Cause No. 45502 
239,920 
(124,202) 
23 
Depreciation of TOSIC deferred per the March 4, 2020 IURC order 
in Cause No. 45264, original filing 
6,737 
24 
Unamortized post in-service AFUDC for TOSIC per the 
March 4, 2020 IURC order in Cause No. 45264, original filing 
11,133 
25 
20% TOSIC Distribution revenue requirement deferred per the March 4, 
2020 IURC order in Cause No. 45264, TOSIC 1 
6,073 
Less: 
Temporary 
Rates 
Credit 
(Col.3) 
" 
I 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Annual 
Pro Forma 
Amortization to 
Adjusted 
Electric 
Line 
Balances 
Cost of Service 
No. 
(Col.4) 
(Col. 5) 
17 
$ 
14,439 
$ 
3,610 
(14) 
18 
719 
180 
(15) 
19 
1,593 
398 
(15) 
20 
2,198 
549 
(15) 
21 
"UO,J>J> 
•om m 
40,876 
5,000 
(16) 
cg i" Cl) Cl) 
w .c.. 5' 5' 
0 E..c...c.. 
-CD ii'°ii° 
22 
01::;o::::s::, 
a, .... 
115,718 
11,572 
(16.1) 
;i~ 
:u" ... 
::,- a, 
23 
3 .. 
.. ., 
ao 
6,737 
189 
(17) 
0 :u 
)> !!!-
:u .. 
24 
;,, .. 
"'~ 
11,133 
309 
(18) 
.. .. 
25 
6,073 
1,518 
(19) 
Line 
No. 
26 
27 
28 
29 
30 
31 
32 
Description 
20% TOSIC Transmission revenue requirement deferred per the March 4, 
2020 IURC order in Cause No. 45264, TOSIC 1 
Total of rate base regulatory assets, agrees to RB9-WP1 
Net pro forms regulatory assets adjustment (See Schedule RB1, Line 8) 
Eagle Valley forced outage- FAC 133S1 Settlement & Order, not included in 
rate base and amortized over 25 years (see Schedule RB4) 
Foregone revenues deferred related to COVID-19 per the June 29, 2020 
IURC order in Cause No. 45380-Phase 1 
Total regulatory assets not included in rate base 
Total pro forma amortization expense 
(Included in Schedule DEPR) 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Regulatory 
Projected 
Asset 
Activity 
Balance at 
Through 
12/3112022 
5/3112023 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
1,010 
411,614 
$ 
(130,869) $ 
$ 
11,022 
5,426 
16,448 
$ 
-
$ 
Less: 
Temporary 
Rates 
Credit 
(Col. 3) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Annual 
Pro Forma 
Amortization to 
Adjusted 
Electric 
Line 
Balances 
Cost of Service 
No. 
(Col. 4) 
(Col.5) 
26 
$ 
1,010 
$ 
252 
(19) 
$ 
280,745 
$ 
29,707 
27 
(130,869) 
28 
29 
11,022 
441 
(20) 
30 
5,426 
1,357 
(21) 
-
$ 
16,448 
31 
~~1:;1:; 
camcncn 
:.~~[ 
32 
O 
CD ;i"j;" 
...._:;u:,:, 
OI aJ J» f» 
$ 
31,505 
(22) 
;i~ 
;,i" "' 
:rm 
3 .. 
CD 
In 
an 
0 ;,i 
)> !!:. 
;oCD 
... 
~o .. .. 
CD 
!.LJ!WilJUs,ullcllllbllli;Jlll!IIIJl I I 
I 
ii 
I II 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
(1) 
The pro fonna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the original cost of $32,688,591 by the useful life of 31 years at August 31, 1995. 
(2) 
The pro fonna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the original post in service AFUDC on Petersburg assets by the useful by a 10 year amortization period 
based on the depreciation study and consistent with Petersburg Unit 2 assets. HS7 carrying costs are amortized at the same level as approved in the prior rate case. 
(3) 
The pro fonna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the original deferred depreciation by a 10 year amortization period based on the depreciation study and consistent with Petersburg Unit 2 assets. 
The pro fonna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred depreciation for the NAAQS-DBA projects by a 10 year amortization based on the depreciation study and consistent with 
(4) 
Petersburg Unit 2 assets. 
The pro forrna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred carrying charges for the NAAQS-DBA projects by a 10 year amortization period based on the depreciation study and consistent 
(5) 
with Petersburg Unit 2 assets. 
The pro form a annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred depreciation for the CCR Bottom Ash projects by a 10 year amortization period based on the depreciation study and consistent 
(6) 
with Petersburg Unit 2 assets. 
The pro fonna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred carrying charges for the CCR Bottom Ash projects by a 10 year amortization period based on the depreciation study and 
(7) 
consistent with Petersburg Unit 2 assets. 
The pro forrna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred depreciation for the NAAQS-other projects by a 10 year amortization period based on the depreciation study and consistent 
(8) 
with Petersburg Unit 2 assets. 
The pro fonna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred carrying charges for the NAAQS-Other projects by a 10 year amortization period based on the depreciation study and 
(9) 
consistent with Petersburg Unit 2 assets. 
(10) 
The pro fonna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred depreciation for the Eagle Valley CCGT and the Harding Street 5 & 6 Refueling by the remaining useful life. 
(11) 
The pro fonna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred post in-service AFUDC for the Eagle Valley CCGT and the Harding Street 5 & 6 Refueling by the remaining useful life. 
(12) 
The pro fonna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the electric vehicle deferred asset by a 10 year amortization period (agrees to prior rate case). 
(13) 
The pro fonna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the original deferred Harding Street 7 Preservation costs of $4,233,695.40 by a ten year amortization period (agrees to prior rate case). 
(14) 
The pro forrna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred 20% HS7 Gas Conversion and NPDES Revenue Requirements by a 3 year amortization period. 
(15) 
The pro fonna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred 20% NAAOS-DBA, CCR Bottom Ash, and NAAQS-Other Revenue Requirements by a 3 year amortization period. 
(16) 
The pro fonna annual amortization for Petersburg Unit 1 & 2 is equal to the depreciation in the Settlement Agreement in Cause No. 45502. 
(16.1) 
Amortized over 10 years. 
(17) 
The pro fonna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred depreciation for TOSIC by the useful life (36.3 years) as approved in the IURC Orders from Cause No. 45264, TOSIC 1. 
The pro forrna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred post in-service AFUDC for the TOSIC projects by the useful life (36.3 years) as approved in the IURC Orders in Cause No. 45264, TOSIC 
(18) 
1. 
(19) 
The pro fonna annual amortization was calculated by dividing the deferred 20% TOSIC Distribution and TOSIC Transmission Revenue Requirements by a 3 year amortization period. 
The pro fonna annual amortization for the Eagle Valley outage repair capital expenditures was calculated by dividing the costs by a 25 year amortization period for the Settlement Agreement in IURC 
(20) 
Cause No. 38703 FAC 133S1. 
(21) 
The pro forrna annual amortization for the COVID-19 deferral was calculated by dividing the deferral by a 3 year amortization period. 
(22) 
See Financial ExhibitAESI-OPER, Schedule DEPR, Line 13. 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper RB9. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
AES Indiana 
Statements of Electric Operating Income for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
Per Books and Jurisdictional Pro Forma at Present and Proposed Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
At Proposed 
Al Proposed 
12131/2022 
At Present Rates 
At Present Rates 
Rates 
Rates 
Per Books 
Adjustments 
Pro Forma 
Adjustments 
Pro Forma 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
(Col.5) 
Operating revenues 
$ 
1,791,546 
$ 
(219,947) 
$ 
1,571,599 
$ 
71,037 
$ 
1,642,636 
Operating expenses: 
Operation and maintenance 
expenses 
1,242,330 
(207,195) 
1,035,135 
376 
1,035,511 
Depreciation and amortization 
expense 
272,093 
29,312 
301,405 
301,405 
Taxes-other than income taxes 
33,464 
(6,470) 
26,994 
26,994 
Total operating expenses other 
than income taxes 
1,547,886 
(184,352) 
1,363,534 
376 
1,363,910 
Net operating income before 
income taxes 
243,660 
(35,595) 
208,065 
70,661 
278,726 
Income taxes: 
Federal income taxes - current 
31,385 
(334) 
31,051 
14.112 
45,163 
State income taxes - current 
8,168 
(658) 
7,510 
3,462 
10,972 
Federal income taxes - deferred 
(7,278) 
(4,241) 
(11,519) 
(11,519) 
State income taxes - deferred 
125 
(1,985) 
(1,860) 
(1,860) 
Income tax credit adjustments 
(3) 
(3) 
(3) 
Total income taxes 
32,398 
(7,218) 
25,179 
17,574 
42,753 
Net utility operating income 
$ 
211,262 
$ 
(28,377) 
$ 
182,885 
$ 
53,087 
$ 
235,972 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
Cl) l> l> 
nmm 
11 
~ en en 
a. -
-
C 
::, ::, 
12 
-
a. a. 
CD iii° ii° 
0::,::, 
-0 "' "' 
-
l>.., 
13 
~tr~ 
c'p g.: 
;o 3 "' 
., !!!. 
::, n 
; 
;o 
l> ~ 
;o ., 
' ., 
.. 0 
Cl)"' .. ., 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Electric Operating Revenue for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
Per Books and Pro Forma at Present and Proposed Rates 
Line 
No. 
Residential revenues 
Description 
2 
Small commercial & industrial revenues 
3 
Large commercial & Industrial revenues 
4 
Lighting 
5 
Electric vehicle public charging stations 
6 
Off-system sales 
7 
Capacity sales 
8 
Total sales of electric energy 
Other Electric Revenues 
9 
Rents 
1 O 
Other customer charges 
11 
Miscellaneous revenue 
12 
Total other electric revenues 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
Per Books 
At Present Rates At Present Rates 
At Proposed 
Rates 
Adjustments (2) 
Adjustments (1) 
Pro Forma 
(Col.1) 
697,060 $ 
242,173 $ 
643,606 $ 
17,628 $ 
30 $ 
148,517 $ 
11,750 $ 
1,760,764 $ 
3,368 $ 
16,875 $ 
10,539 $ 
30,782 $ 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
(40,260) $ 
(6,605) $ 
(35,957) $ 
(98) $ 
-
$ 
(119,905) $ 
(11,750) $ 
(214,575) $ 
(130) $ 
-
$ 
(5,242) $ 
(5,372) $ 
656,800 $ 
235,568 $ 
607,649 $ 
17,530 $ 
30 $ 
28,612 $ 
$ 
1,546,189 $ 
3,238 $ 
16,875 $ 
5,297 $ 
25.410 $ 
(Col.4) 
48,476 $ 
9,301 $ 
14,806 $ 
1,504 $ 
$ 
$ 
-$ 
74,086 $ 
-
$ 
(3,048) $ 
-
$ 
(3,048) $ 
At Proposed 
Rates 
Pro Forma 
(Col 5) 
705,275 
Line 
No. 
244,869 
2 
622,456 
3 
19,034 
4 
30 
5 
28,612 
6 
7 
1,620,275 
8 
3,238 
9 
13,827 
10 
5,297 
11 
22,362 
12 
13 
Total electric operating revenues 
--------------------------- 13 
(See ExhlbltAESI-OPER, Sch. OPING, Line 1) 
$ 
1,791,546 $ 
(219,947} $ 
1,571,599 $ 
71.037 $ 
1,642,636 
(1) Adjustments shown on AES Indiana Financial Exhibit AESI-OPER, Schedule REV2-R 
(2) Adjustments shown on AES Indiana Financial Exhibit AESI-OPER, Schedule REV10-S-R CORRECTED 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has bean filed as AES Indiana Workpapar REV1-S-R CORRECTED. 
I I 
JlJ 
Ill 
i ~ 
g. 
1:1 
3 r 
l Ill~ 
~ 
;,,i 
oc 
!ii n E 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Electric Operating Revenue Adjustments 
Taking Per Books to Pro Forma at Present Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Adjustment 
Line 
Schedules 
No. 
Description 
Sch. REV3 
Sch. REV4 
Sch. REVS 
Sch. REVS 
Sch. REV? 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
(Col. 5) 
Residential revenues 
$ 
(105,414) 
$ 
(17,813) $ 
82,967 
$ 
$ 
-$ 
2 
Small commercial & industrial revenues 
(36,541) 
(4,964) 
34,900 
3 
Large commercial & industrial revenues 
(120,949) 
(3,323) 
88,315 
4 
Lighting 
(945) 
(8) 
855 
5 
Electric vehicle public charging stations 
6 
Off-system sales 
(119,905) 
7 
Capacity sales 
8 
Total sales of electric energy 
(263,849) 
(26,108) 
207,036 
(119,905) 
Other Electric Revenues 
9 
Rents 
(130) 
10 
Other customer charges 
11 
Miscellaneous revenue 
12 
Total other electric revenues 
(130) 
13 
Proforma revenue adjustments 
$ 
(263,849) $ 
(26,108) $ 
207,036 
$ 
(119,90~ $ 
(130) $ 
(1) See Schedule REV1, Column 2 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibtt and supporting worl<papers hes been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper REV2. 
Sch. REVS 
(Col. 6) 
,,1 
I 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Total 
Adjustments 
Line 
Sch. REV9 
(1) 
No. 
(Col. 7) 
{Col.8) 
-$ 
-$ 
(40,260) 
(6,605) 
2 
(35,957) 
3 
(98) 
4 
5 
(119,905) 
6 
(11,750) 
(11,750) 
7 
(11,750) 
(214,575) 
8 
(130) 
9 
10 
(5,242) 
(5,242) 
11 
"'l> l> 
"mm 
(5,242) 
(5,372) 
12 
;"Cl>CI> 
~[[ 
CD ii° ii," 
(5,242) $ 
(11,750) $ 
(219,947) 
13 
;u:, :, 
m"'., 
< l>., 
.,_o 
;u i tl 
::rm 
3 .. 
CD !!_ 
:, " 
~~ 
l>-
;D CD ... 
.,0 
"'"' .. 
CD 
Line 
No. 
Description 
Residential revenues 
2 
Small commercial & industrial revenues 
3 
Large commercial & industrial revenues 
4 
Lighting 
5 
Electric vehicle public charging stations 
6 Total 
7 
Proforma revenue adjustments 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Electric Operating Revenue Adjustments 
Taking Total Retail Revenue to Retail Basic Rates Revenue 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
Per Books 
Total 
Retail Revenue 
(Col.1) 
$ 
697,060 
242,173 
643,606 
17,628 
30 
$ 
Less: 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
Per Books 
Riders 
Fuel Revenue 
{Col.2) 
{80,282) $ 
(28,449) 
(99,319) 
(482) 
Less: 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
Per Books 
Rider22 
DSM Revenue 
{Col.3) 
(26.500) $ 
(8,990) 
(26,733) 
(434) 
Less: 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
Per Books 
Rider20 
ECRRevenue 
(Col.4) 
(1,223) $ 
(257) 
(567) 
2 
Less: 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/3112022 
Per Books 
Rider21 
Green Revenue 
(Col.SJ 
(271) 
$ 
(69) 
(1,202) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Less: 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
Per Books 
Rider3 
Line 
TOSIC 
Sub-Total 
No. 
(Col.6) 
(Col. 7) 
(10,364) $ 
578,420 
{3,072) 
201,337 
2 
(6,240) 
509,545 
3 
(154) 
16,559 
4 
30 
5 
$ 
1,600,497 $ 
(208,532) $ 
(62,657) $ 
(2,045) $ 
(1,542) =$========================== 
(19,829) $ 
1,305,891 
6 
$ 
(208,532) $ 
(62,657) $ 
(2,045) $ 
(19,829) $ 
(294,605) 
(1,542) 
...;_$ ___ 
_,_-'-----'-<=============== 7 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Electric Operating Revenue Adjustments 
Taking Total Retail Revenue to Retail Basic Rates Revenue 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Less: 
Less: 
Less: 
Twelve Months 
Twelve Months 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
Ended 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
12/31/2022 
12/31/2022 
Per Books 
Per Books 
Per Books 
Sub-Total from 
Line 
Rider26 
Rider25 
Rider24 
Sub-Total 
Page 1 
No. 
Description 
RTO Revenue 
OSSRevenue 
CAP Revenue 
Page2 
. Columns 
(Col. 1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
(Col. 5) 
8 Residential revenues 
$ 
(802) $ 
14,464 $ 
(435) $ 
13,226 $ 
578,420 
9 
Small commercial & industrial revenues 
(268) 
4,802 
(240) 
4,294 
201,337 
10 Large commercial & industrial revenues 
(810) 
14,651 
(729) 
13,112 
509,545 
11 Lighting 
(7) 
140 
(10) 
123 
16,559 
12 Electric vehicle public charging stations 
30 
13 Total 
$ 
(1,887) $ 
34,057 $ 
(1,414) $ 
30,757 $ 
1,305,891 
14 Proforma revenue adjustments 
$ 
(1,887) $ 
34,057 $ 
(1,414) $ 
30,757 $ 
(294,605) 
15 Total proforma revenue adjustments 
$ 
(263,849) 
(See Schedule REV2, Column 1) 
(1) To Schedule REV4, Column 1 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper REV3. 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
Per Books 
Basic 
Rate Revenue 
Line 
(1) 
No. 
(Col.6) 
$ 
591,646 
8 
205,632 
9 
522,657 
10 
16,683 
11 
30 
12 
$ 
1,336,648 
13 
14 
"'CJ Cl)>> 
SI) n mm 
cg; en en 
l'I,) Q. :i' 5" 
15 o=.a.c. 
"""'m arm 
"';u:::,:::, 
m., ., 
<>"' 
~ fif ~ 
0 
... 
::rm 
3 ., 
ID!!!. 
:::, 0 
... ;u 
C) .. 
> !ii" 
~ .. 
"'C) 
Cl) ., .. .. 
J.ili 111&iilfiljfJjMillhll.la1Miiltl ,<1~iW::1lilllllllWllf . .lii,,,-,ddidkci,,..!i:1.,Ulilll1i.- ,; .. , ·.M,1-,ll',irnl.k,.-.i.,,;, 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Electric Retail Basic Rate Revenue Adjustments 
for Billing Determinants, Weatherization, Customer Annualization, DSM Installations Annualization 
and to Remove Unbilled Revenues 
Line 
No. 
Description 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
Adjustment 
12/31/2022 
Adjustment 
Adjustment 
for 
Per Books 
for 
for 
DSM 
Basic 
Weather 
Customer 
Installations 
Rate Revenue 
Normalization 
Annualization 
Annualization 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
Adjustment 
for 
Billing Determinants 
Full Year at 
12/31/2022 Rates 
(5) 
(Col.5) 
Residential revenues 
$ 
591,646 $ 
(2,212) $ 
(3,031) $ 
(610) $ 
(11,959) $ 
2 
Small commercial & industrial revenues 
205,632 
3 
Large commercial & industrial revenues 
522,657 
4 
Lighting 
16,683 
5 
Electric vehicle public charging stations 
30 
6 
Total 
$ 
1,336,648 $ 
7 
Pro forma revenue adjustments 
$ 
8 Total proforma revenue adjustments 
(See Schedule REV2, Column 2) 
(1) From Schedule REV3, Page 2, Column 6 
(2) Provided by AES Indiana 11\/itness Baker, with support from AES Indiana Witness Fox 
(3) Provided by AES Indiana 11\/itness Baker 
(345) 
(1,107) 
(955) 
(2,557) 
(55) 
(1,364) 
(1,459) 
(445) 
154 
(162) 
(2,612) $ 
(5,348) $ 
(3,025) $ 
(15,123) $ 
(2,612) $ 
(5,348) $ 
(3,025) $ 
(15,123) 
$ 
(26,108) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
Adjusted 
Basic 
Rate Revenue 
Line 
(6) 
No. 
(Col.6) 
573,833 
200,667 
2 
519,334 
3 
16,675 
4 
30 
5 
1,310,540 
6 
7 
8 
(4) Provided by AES Indiana 11\/itness Baker. This amount adjusts the test year to reflect a full year of lost revenues for the DSM measures instaDed during the test year, provided by AES 
Indiana 11\/itness Baker. 
(5) Adjustment to true-up revenues to match expected billing determinants for test year, provided by AES Indiana 11\/itness Baker. 
(6) To Schedule REVS, Page 1, Column 1 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper REV4. 
Line 
No. 
Description 
Residential revenues 
2 
Small commercial & industrial revenues 
3 
Large commercial & industrial revenues 
4 
Lighting 
5 
Electric vehicle public charging stations 
6 
Total 
7 
Pro forma revenue adjustments 
(1) From Schedule REV4, Column 6 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Electric Operating Revenue Adjustments 
Adding Back Pro Forrna at Present Rates Rider Revenues 
to Achieve Total Retail Revenue Pro Forrna at Present Rates 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Add: 
Add: 
Add: 
Twelve Months 
ProForma 
Pro Forma 
ProForma 
Ended 
at Present 
at Present 
at Present 
12/31/2022 
Rates 
Rates 
Rates 
Adjusted 
Riders 
Rider20 
Rider22 
Basic 
Fuel 
ECR 
DSM Lost 
Rate Revenue 
Revenue 
Revenue 
Revenue 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
$ 
573,833 
$ 
507 $ 
8,266 
200,667 
168 
9,794 
519,334 
514 
6,333 
16,675 
5 
87 
30 
$ 
1,310,540 
$ 
79,277 
$ 
1,194 $ 
24,479 
$ 
79,277 
$ 
1,194 $ 
24,479 
(2) This amount represents normalized KWh sales multiplied by the proposed change in the base cost of fuel. See REV5-\NP1. 
(3) This amount reflects annualized ECR revenue for projects moving into base rates and therefore excludes the return AES! accrued on construction work 
in progress for its NAAQS-Other, projects during the test year. See REV5-WP2. 
$ 
$ 
$ 
(4) This amount reflects the annualized lost revenues from DSM programs installed prior to the end of the test year moving into base rates. See REVS, WP3. 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment 8) 
Sub-Total 
to Page2 
(Col.5) 
613,817 
221,323 
563,203 
17,118 
30 
1,415,490 
104,950 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
fils#UJ£WllllJl,blWm!.1,,.,.,taifli,~J:IDillllilllll,,Lb.,,l,IJiW- ,l,,w.JciJllllbf.l • 
,,·,Jllli.t,ks,-Mlt,,,'-<l'ili l~r•d~Y-, 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Electric Operating Revenue Adjustments 
Adding Back Pro Forma at Present Rates Rider Revenues 
to Achieve Total Retail Revenue Pro Forma at Present Rates 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Add: 
Add: 
Add: 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
at Present 
at Present 
at Present 
Rates 
Rates 
Rates 
Rider24 
Rider25 
Rider26 
Sub-Total 
CAP 
oss 
RTO 
Line 
from Page 1 
Revenue 
Margins 
Revenue 
No. 
Description 
(5) 
(6) 
(7) 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
Residential revenues 
$ 
613,817 
$ 
12,879 
$ 
(5,220) $ 
591 
2 
Small commercial & industrial revenues 
221,323 
4,275 
(1,733) 
196 
3 
Large commercial & industrial revenues 
563,203 
13,040 
(5,285) 
598 
4 
Lighting 
17,118 
124 
(50) 
6 
5 
Electric vehicle public charging stations 
30 
6 
Total 
$ 
1,415,490 
$ 
30,318 
$ 
(12,288) $ 
1,391 
7 
Pro forma revenue adjustments 
$ 
104,950 
$ 
30,318 
$ 
(12,288) $ 
1,391 
(5) 
This amount reflects the proposed change in the base cost of capacity net revenue and expense benchmark. See REVS-WPS. 
(6) 
This reflects that the proposed change in the off-system sales ("OSS") margin benchmark. See REV5-WP6. 
(7) 
This amount reflects the proposed change in the base cost of net MISO expense benchmark. See REV5-WP7. 
Add: 
Pro Forma 
at Present 
Rates 
Rider3 
TOSIC 
Revenue 
(8) 
(Col.5) 
$ 
20,448 
$ 
6,787 
20,703 
197 
$ 
48,135 
$ 
$ 
48,135 
$ 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Total Electric 
Adjusted 
Basic Rate 
Revenue 
Pro Forma at 
Present Rates 
to Page 3 
(Col.6) 
642,515 
230,848 
592,259 
17,395 
30 
1,483,046 
172,506 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
This amount reflects annualized TOSIC revenue for projects moving into base rates and therefore excludes the return AES Indiana accrued on construction work in 
(8) 
progress for its TOSIC projects during the test year. See REVS-WPS. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
Jijl.hHOOlf&;!lmUUUil&miii H)i!IIW,f;;ikl,il.~illli>J&ailiillllliliic-~H ,l!H1,.L,@j,J;-Jlilliij.ji ,.,,, h,81,il/ld•tli ', ·I•'§•[ 
Description 
Residential revenues 
Small commercial & industrial revenues 
Large commercial & industrial revenues 
Lighting 
Electric vehicle public charging stations 
Total 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Electric Operating Revenue Adjustments 
Adding Back Pro Forma at Present Rates Rider Revenues 
to Achieve Total Retail Revenue Pro Forma at Present Rates 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Total Electric 
Add: 
Add: 
Add: 
Adjusted 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Basic Rate 
at Present 
at Present 
at Present 
Revenue 
Rates 
Rates 
Rates 
Pro Forma at 
Rider20 
Rider22 
Rider21 
Present Rates 
ECR 
DSM 
Green 
from Page 2 
Revenue 
Revenue 
Revenue 
(9) 
(10) 
(11) 
{Col.1) 
{Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
{Col.4) 
$ 
642,515 
$ 
-
$ 
14,014 $ 
271 
230,848 
4,651 
69 
592,259 
14,188 
1,202 
17,395 
135 
30 
$ 
$ 
1,483,046 
$ 
-
$ 
32,988 $ 
1,542 
$ 
Add: 
Pro Forma 
at Present 
Rates 
Rider26 
TOSIC 
Revenue 
(12) 
{Col. 5) 
$ 
-
$ 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Total 
Electric 
Adjusted 
Retail 
Revenue 
Pro Forma at 
Present Rates 
{Col. 6) 
656,800 
235,567 
607,649 
17,530 
30 
1,517,577 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
========== 
Proforma revenue adjustments {See Schedule REV2, 
7 
Column3) 
$ 
172,506 
$ 
-
$ 
32,988 
$ 
(9) No environmental projects are remaining in the ECR, therefore no offsetting revenue has been included here. 
(1 O) This amount reflects the test year DSM expenses {net of deferrals) recorded to expense accounts. See REV5-WP9. 
(11) From Schedule REV3, Page 1, Column 5 
1,542 
$ 
-
$ 
207,036 
====== 
(12) Pro form a test year expenses related to TOSIC projects in-service after 12/31/2022 net to zero, therefore no offsetting revenue has been included here. 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper REVS. 
7 
Line 
Description 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Off-System Sales ("OSS") 
Total Revenue Per Books and Pro Forma Net Margin at Present Rates 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
{Thousands of Dollars) 
MISO Off-System Sales 
Sales 
LWP OSS Sales 
to be passed 
Not Attributed 
Attributed to 
back 
Reclassifications 
through OSS 
toLWP(1) 
LWP Production 
tracker (2) 
Total 
OM2 
OM4 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col. 4) 
(Col. 5) 
(Col.6) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Redassified 
Line 
Total Margins 
No. 
(Col. 7) 
OSS revenues 
$ 
131,611 $ 
16,906 
$ 
148,517 $ 
(Z6,227) $ 
(14,503) $ 
57,787 
2 
Fuel costs 
3 
Production costs 
4 
Total costs 
5 
Total OSS margins 
6 
LWP margins returned via FAC (1) 
7 
OSS margins not attributed to LWP 
8 
Proforma adjustment to margins 
Pro forma margins for OSS to be embedded in retan 
9 
rates 
10 
Breakout of total pro forma adjustment 
11 
Reclassify OSS fuel against revenues 
12 
Redassify OSS production costs against revenues 
13 Adjust OSS margin to pro forma level 
14 
Pro forma adjustment reflects the wholesale margin 
67,685 
12,928 
80,612 
50,999 
$ 
50,999 $ 
embedded in retail rates (See Schedule REV2, Column 4, Line 6) 
8,542 
76,227 $ 
(76,227) $ 
1,575 
14,503 
10,118 
90,730 $ 
(76,227) $ 
6,788 
57,787 
(6,788) 
6,788 
-$ 
6,788 $ 
57,787 
$ 
(76,227) 
(14,503) 
(29,175) 
$ 
(119,90~ 
(1) LWP is an abbreviation for Lakefield Wind Production. In accordance with the IURC order in Cause No. 43740, In the test year AES Indiana reduced the fuel costs 
charged to its jurisdictional retail customers by an amount equal to its estimated wholesale margin attributable to production from its 
Lakefield Wind Purchase Power Agreement 
(14,503) 
(14,503) 
$ 
$ 
(2) See AES Indiana Witness Steine~s testimony regarding the proposed change to the treatment of LWP OSS margin. AES Indiana is proposing to Include OSS margin attributable 
to LWP in the OSS tracker instead of the FAC tracker. This adjustment is needed to reflect the total test yearOSS margin REV6 and there is no LWP aedit induded on OM2. 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper REV6. 
2 
3 
4 
57,787 
5 
6 
57,787 
7 
(29,175) 
8 
28,612 
9 
10 
11 
"'> > 
"mm 
ii en Ct> 
c.--
12 
=- a a 
Cl) ii"i» 
13 
:;u::, ::, 
m"'., 
<>"' 
14 
0, ! ~ 
::,-m 
3 .. 
CD!!_ 
::, " 
0 :;u 
:i:,,!!!. 
:;uCD . ., 
.. 0 
rn., .. 
CD 
" 
l s 1 
_,j 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule REV7 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Electric Rent Revenue 
Per Books and Pro Forma at Present Rates 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Total Electric at 
Line 
Description 
Per Books 
Adjustments 
Present Rates 
No. 
(Col. 1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
Georgetown Units rent 
$ 
486 $ 
$ 
486 
Pole contact rental 
2,036 
(128) 
1,908 
2 
Lease rent revenue 
847 
(2) 
845 
3 
Total 
$ 
3,368 $ 
(130) 
$ 
3,238 
4 
Proforma adjustment (See Schedule 
5 
REV2, Column 5, Line 9) 
$ 
(130) 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper REV?. 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Miscellaneous Electric Revenue 
Per Books and Pro Forma at Present Rates 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
No. 
Distribution Ancillary Revenue 
2 
MISO Transmission Revenue 
Description 
3 
Remove Deferrals for RTO (Over)/Under Collection 
4 
Remove MISO Non-Jurisdictional Revenue 
5 
Remove Gains from Disposition of Allowances 
6 
MISO Balancing Authority Credits (See Schedule OM13 Line 12) 
7 
MISO Deferred Expense Amortization (See Schedule OM14 Line 13) 
a 
Total 
9 
Pro forma adjustment (See Schedule 
REV2, Column 6, Line 11) 
(1) 
Adjust to reflect pro-forrna MISO Jurisdictional Revenues. 
$ 
$ 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
Per Books 
(Col.1) 
269 
7,082 
(5,011) 
2,431 
4,358 
758 
653 
10539 
(2) 
Provided by AES Indiana Witness Aliff, to remove the non-jurisdictional revenue associated with the plant in 
service removed from rate base on AES Indiana Financial Exhibit AES I-RB, Schedule RBS. 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been flied as AES Indiana Workpaper REVS. 
AES Indiana Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule REVS 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forms 
Total Electric at 
Adjustments 
Present Rates 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
$ 
$ 
269 
(1 
Line 
No. 
(3,459) 
) 
3,623 
2 
5,011 
3 
(2 
(2,431) 
) 
4 
(4,358) 
5 
(5) 
753 
6 
653 
7 
$ 
(5,242) 
=$====5=,2=97= 
B 
9 
$ 
(5,242) 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule REV9 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Capacity Sales 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Description 
No. 
(Col.1) 
Pro forma capacity sales 
$ 
Per books capacity sales during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 
11,750 
2 
Total proforma adjustment (See Schedule REV2, Column 7, Line 7) 
$ 
(11,750) 
3 
Note: Capacity sales and expense are presented as a net expense on OM3. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule REV10-S-R CORRECTED 
Residential revenues 
AES Indiana 
Electric Operating Revenue Adjustment 
Taking Pro Forma at Present Rates 
to Pro Forma at Proposed Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Description 
Small commercial & Industrial revenues 
Large commercial & Industrial revenues 
Lighting 
Electric vehicle public charging stations 
Off-system sales 
Capacity sales 
Total sales of electric energy 
Other Electric Revenues 
Rents 
Other customer charges 
Miscellaneous revenue 
Total other electric revenues 
Total electric operating revenues 
Proforma adjustment {See Schedule REV1, Column 4) 
Revenue from 
Proposed 
Increase 
{Col. 1) 
$ 
48,475 
$ 
9,301 
$ 
14,806 
$ 
1,504 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
74,086 
$ 
$ 
{3,048) 
$ 
$ 
(3,048) 
$ 
71 037 
$ 
71 037 
Note: This exhibit agrees to AES Indiana Witness BR, Attachment 4, Page 2 of 2, Column 0. 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper REV10-S-R CORRECTED. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
-+ 
~1 
~ 
4 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
~ 
10 
i 
=§ 
i 
11 
f 
12 
~ 
13 
14 
., 
15 
i 
-i, 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
21 
22 
23 
24 
25 
26 
27 
28 
29 
AES INDIANA 
AES lndlana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2022 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM1-S-R 
Summary of Pro Forma Adjustments to Electrlc Operation and 
Maintenance Expense for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Exhibit 
AES I-OP ER 
Pro Forma Adjuslments 
Adjustment 
Total Electric 
Total Electric 
Schedule 
At Present 
At Proposed 
Oescrlption 
Reference 
Rates 
Rates 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
Cast of fuel and purchased power 
OM2 
$ 
(226,079) $ 
Capacity costs 
OM3 
17,238 
Off-system sales power production costs 
OM4 
(14,503) 
Generation consumables 
OMS 
(10,662) 
Transportation expenses 
OMS 
(603) 
Non-outage operating and maintenance costs 
OM7 
(13,517) 
Seasonal NOx emission allowance expense 
OM8 
(914) 
Obsolete/damaged materials and supplies Inventory 
write-off expense 
OM9 
(634) 
Non-Jurisdictional MISO MTEP operating and 
maintenance expenses 
OM10 
(953) 
Storm expenses 
OM11 
(2,533) 
Vegetation management cosls 
OM12 
10,214 
MISO non-fuel costs 
OM13 
369 
MISO deferred expense amortization 
OM14 
Wages of AES Indiana and AES U.S. Services, 
LLC employees 
OM16 
14,239 
Employer Insurance benefits of AES Indiana and AES U.S. 
Services, LLC employees 
OM16 
1,834 
Pension expense and OPEB 
OM17 
13,580 
ACE Project 
OM18 
8,127 
Image-building advertising costs 
OM19 
(2,205) 
Injuries and damages expense 
OM20 
235 
Amortization of rate case expense 
OM21 
750 
Miscellaneous expense adjustments 
OM22 
(2,941) 
AES U.S. Services, LLC occupancy and non-labor costs 
OM23 
(855) 
ECR, TOSIC Tracker Items 
OM24 
(922) 
Property and other casualty insurance expense 
OM25 
4,864 
Write off of preliminary survey and Investigation charges 
OM26 
(325) 
Uncollectible accounts expense 
OM27 
(1,626) 
271 
Public utility fee 
OM28 
628 
105 
Total proforma adjustments 
(See Exhibit AESl•OPER, Schedule OPINC, Line 2, 
Columns 3 and 5, respectively) 
$ 
(207,19~ $ 
376 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
21 
22 
23 
24 
25 
26 
27 
28 
29 
~ 
l 
~ 
1 
1 
j 
~ 
:f 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM2-S-R 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Cost of Fuel and Purchased Power 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars, Except Base Cost of Fuel Increment) 
The following proforma adjustment reflects the change In total electric cost of fuel and purchased power, 
taking into consideration changes in pro forma MWh sales, power purchases, and power sales. 
Line 
Line 
No. 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
MWh Source 
Coal and oil generation 
6,316,299 
2 
Gas generation 
9,641,261 
2 
3 
Other generation- internal combustion 
3 
Purchases through MISC: 
4 
Wind purchase power agreement (PPA) purchases 
747,509 
4 
5 
Non-Wind PPA market purchases 
394,025 
5 
6 
Purchased power other than MISC (solar) 
144,205 
6 
Less: 
7 
Energy losses and company use 
604,181 
7 
8 
Inter-System sales through MISO 
3,619,393 
8 
9 
Total MWh source 
13,019,725 
9 
Fuel Cost$ 
10 
Coal and oil generation 
$ 
184,752 
10 
11 
Gas generation 
319,912 
11 
12 
Other generation- internal combustion 
12 
Purchases through MISO: 
13 
Wind purchase power agreement purchases 
51,237 
13 
14 
Non-Wind PPA market purchases 
14,509 
14 
15 
MISO components of cost of fuel 
26,821 
15 
16 
Purchased power other than MISO (solar) 
23,503 
16 
Less: 
17 
Inter-System sales through MISO 
107,200 
17 
18 
Transmission losses 
5,417 
18 
19 
Pro forma total retail electric cost of fuel 
508,117 
19 
20 
Actual total electric coal, oil, gas, and purchased power costs 
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 
734,196 
20 
21 
Proforma adjustment to retail fuel cost (See Schedule OM1) 
$ 
{226,079) 
21 
Breakout of retail and wholesale fuel costs 
22 
Pro forma total retail electric cost of fuel (from Line 19) 
$ 
508,117 
22 
23 
Actual retail fuel cost 
(667,969) 
23 
24 
Pro forma adjustment for retail fuel cost 
(149,852) 
24 
25 
Reclassify actual off-system sales fuel cost (See Schedule REVS) 
(76,227) 
25 
26 
Total proforma adjustment to fuel costs 
$ 
{226,079) 
26 
27 
New base cost of fuel per kWh (line 20 I line 9) 
$ 
0.039027 
27 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM2. 
i 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM3 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Capacity Costs 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following pro forma adjustment reflects the expected change in capacity costs. 
Line 
No. 
Line 
No. 
Pro forma capacity costs 
$ 
2 
Per books capacity costs expensed during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 
3 
Total proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
$ 
Note: Capacity sales and expense are presented as a net expense on OM3. 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM3. 
(Col.1) 
19,030 
1,792 
17,238 
2 
3 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
{Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM4 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Off-System Sales Power Production Costs 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following proforma adjustment reflects the removal of off-system sales power production costs from AES l's jurisdictional 
operating expenses, 
Line 
No. 
Pro forms off-system sales power production costs 
2 
Actual off-system sales power production costs adjustment (See Schedule REVS) 
3 
Total proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
$ 
$ 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM4. 
(Col.1) 
14,503 
(14,503) 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
{Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM5-S-R 
Pro Forma Adjustment to 
Generation Consumables Variable Expenses 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following pro forma adjustment Is to reflect non-labor changes lo the retail cost of generation consumables. 
Line 
No. 
Harding Street Generating Station 
2 
Eagle Valley CCGT 
3 
Petersburg 
Pro Forma O & M 
(Col.1) 
1,029 $ 
1,198 
Actual Generating Unit 
Consumables Cost Per Books 
for the Twelve Months 
Ended December 31, 2022 
(Col. 2) 
649 $ 
598 
16,879 
Pro Forma 
Adjustment 
(Col. 3) 
380 
600 
(3,592) 
Petersburg Unit 2 
(8,050) 
------------------"a, 
.. 
os....;.o ----------~ 
5 
Total proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) $ 
15,514 $ 
26,176 =$============' 
(10,662) 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been flied as AES Indiana Workpaper OM5, 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OMS 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Exclude Certain Transportation Expense 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following pro forma adjustment reflects the removal of vehicle rental fees incurred in the test year. The rental 
agreements ended in May of 2022 and were not renewed. 
Line 
No. 
Vehicle Rental Fees 
$ 
Pro Forma 
Transportation 
Expense 
(Col. 1) 
-
$ 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
Per Books 
(Col. 2) 
Pro Forma 
Adjustment 
Line 
(See Schedule OM 1) 
No. 
(Col. 3) 
603 
$ 
(603) 
======:::::::::::::=== 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM6 
..J.ii l 1 
j 
..b 
-, 
➔ 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM7 
Non-Outage Operating and Maintenance ("O&M") Costs 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following proforma adjustment is to adjust non-outage operating and maintenance costs (excluding base labor, overtime and benefits) 
to expected ongoing levels 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
Harding Street Generating Station 
Eagle Valley CCGT 
Eagle Valley Insurance Event 1 
Eagle Valley Insurance Event 2 
Petersburg (Petersburg Units 3 & 4 Only) 
Petersburg Unit 2 
Power Supply Support 
Total proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
$ 
$ 
Pro Forma 
O&MCost 
(Col.1) 
8,717 
5,412 
38,426 
1,553 
54,108 
$ 
$ 
Nole: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM7. 
Generating 
Unit 
O&MCost 
Per Books 
for the Twelve 
Months Ended 
12/31/2022 
(Col.2) 
8,717 
5,412 
67 
1,258 
38,426 
12,192 
1,553 
67625 
$ 
$ 
Pro Forma 
Adjustment 
(See Schedule 
OM1) 
(Col. 3) 
(67) 
(1,258) 
(12,192) 
(13,517) 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
i 
_j 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to 
Seasonal NOx Emission Allowance Expense 
(Thousands of Dollars, Except Per Allowance Pricing) 
The following adjustment represents the impact of expected changes to AES l's emission allowance expense for 
Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") Seasonal NOx allowances. (1) 
Line 
No, 
Projected tons of seasonal NOx emissions 
2 
Less: 2022 allowances allotted from EPA at no cost 
3 
Projected shortfall, zero if negative 
4 
Current market pricing for 2022 NOx emissions (In $ per ton) 
5 
Projected seasonal NOx emission expense 
6 
Less: Per books expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 
Pro forms adjustment to seasonal NOx expense (See Schedule OM1) 
(1) 
Seasonal NOx emissions are emissions from May through September of each calendar year, 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Worl<paper 0MB. 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OMS 
(Col.1) 
1,768 
1,836 
0 
$ 
9,500 
a 
914 
$ 
(914) 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
i 
.., 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM9 
Pro Forma Adjustment to 
Obsolete/Damaged Materials and Supplies Inventory Write-Off Expense 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following proforma adjustment reflects a normalization of write-offs for obsolete/damaged materials and supplies inventory. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
Actual write offforthe 12 month period ended December 31, 2020 
Actual write off for the 12 month period ended December 31, 2021 
Actual write off for the 12 month period ended December 31, 2022 
Total write off for Iha 3 year period ended December 31, 2022 
3-year average write off of obsolete/damaged inventory 
Per books write-offs during Iha twelve months ended December 31, 2022 
Proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM9. 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Amount 
(Col.1) 
182 
2,630 
2,357 
5169 
1,723 
2,357 
(634) 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
j 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM10 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Remove Non-Jurisdictional 
MISO MTEP (1) Operation and Maintenance Expenses 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following proforma adjustment removes non-jurisdictional MISO MTEP expenses In conjunction with the transmission 
plant removed on AES IN Financial Exhibit AES IN-RB, Schedule RBS. 
Line 
No. 
Line 
Total proforma non-jurisdictional MISO MTEP O & M expense to be Included In basic rates 
2 
Amount charged to electric operating expense for the twelve months 
ended December 31, 2022 
3 
Proforma adjustment {See Schedule OM1) 
(1) Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. ("MISO") Transmission Expansion Plan ("MTEP") 
{Col.1) 
$ 
$ 
No. 
953 
2 
(953) 
3 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM11 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Storm Expenses 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following pro forma adjustment reflects a normalization of storm costs. The adjustment also Includes the 
amortization of the proforma Storm Reserve balance. 
Line 
No. 
Pro forma level 1 & 2 storm cost expense, excluding base labor 
and benefits, based upon the average experienced 
during the period of January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2022 
2 
Less: Per books storm costs, excluding base labor and benefits, 
expensed during lhe twelve months ended December 31, 2022 
(Coi.1) 
(Col. 2) 
$ 
11,351 
12,409 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
Pro forma adjustment to level 1 & 2 storm expense 
$ 
(1,058) 
3 
4 
Pro forma level 3 & 4 non-capita! storm costs, excluding base labor 
and benefits, based upon the current benchmark approved in the 
prior case adjusted for the price Index 
5 
Less: Base amount recognized In distribution expense account 
during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 (1) 
6 
Pro forma adjustment for base level 3 & 4 storms expense 
7 
Net Increase from test year experience 
8 
Balance of the storm reserve account at December 31, 2022 
9 
Add: Addltlonal reserve accrual through December 31, 2023 
10 
11 
3-year amorllzatlon 
12 
13 
Total proforma expense adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
(1) Per IURC Cause No. 45029. 
$ 
1,908 
$ 
1,363 
$ 
(4,696) 
$ 
(1,363) 
$ 
(6,059) 
/3 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM11. 
4 
5 
$ 
545 
6 
$ 
(513) 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
$ 
(2,020) 
12 
$ 
(2,533) 
13 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM12-S-R 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Distribution Vegetation Management Costs 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following pro forma adjustment reflects expected pricing and scope changes to distribution vegetation management costs. 
Line 
No. 
Total pro forma expense adjustment (See 
Schedule OM1) 
Pro Forma 
Costs 
(Col.1) 
$ 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
Per Books 
(Col.2) 
15 033 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper 
OM12. 
Pro Forma 
Adjustment 
(See Schedule OM1) 
(Col. 3) 
$ 
10,214 
Line 
No. 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to 
MISO Non-Fuel Costs 
{Thousands of Dollars) 
The following proforma adjustment reflects the expected increase to MISO non-fuel costs. 
Actual Per Book 
MISO Costs 
for the Twelve 
Line 
Months Ended 
No. 
12/31/2022 
(Col.1) 
Pro Forma 
Annual 
MISO 
Costs 
(Col.2) 
The following categories represent the proforma annual level of Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. ("MISO") non-fuel costs (1 ): 
1 
Def Cost MISO Net Billings (Schedule 10) 
$ 
2,954 
$ 
2,880 
2 
MISO Market Admin Fees (Schedule 17) 
2,323 
2,567 
3 
FTR Market Adm in Fees Retail (Schedule 16) 
77 
73 
4 
MISO Socialized and Uplift Costs 
2,900 
3,159 
5 
MISO Balancing Authority Costs (Schedule 24) 
398 
361 
6 
MISO Balancing Authority Credits (Schedule 24) 
(758) 
(753) 
7 
MISO RSG Over Benchmark 
358 
70 
8 
MISO Transmission Expansion (Schedule 26 and 26A) 
25,433 
25,550 
9 
MISO Transmission Expense (Schedule 2 &11) 
3,191 
10 
MISO FERG fees 
1,298 
1,134 
11 
Subtotal 
$ 
38,173 
$ 
35,040 
12 
Remove MISO Balancing Authority Credits (See Schedule REV 8) 
758 
753 
13 
Remove Deferrals for RTO (Over)/Under Collection 
(3,507) 
14 
Total 
$ 
35,424 
$ 
35,793 
(1) See related revenue on AES I-OP ER, Schedule REVS. 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM13. 
$ 
$ 
$ 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Pro Forma 
Adjustment 
line 
(See Schedule OM1) 
No. 
(Col. 3) 
(74) 
1 
245 
2 
(4) 
3 
259 
4 
(38) 
5 
5 
6 
(288) 
7 
117 
8 
(3,191) 
9 
(164) 
10 
(3,133) 
11 
(5) 
12 
3,507 
13 
rn ►
l> 
nm m 
369 
14 
::rm"' 
ID --
a.::, ::, 
C C. C. 
iDiii"i» 
0 ::,::, 
.... 
~~~ 
... -., 
g ... 
::ra, 
3 .. 
CD!!!, 
::, n 
o::U 
)> a. 
;xi ID ... 
.. 0 
m.,. 
Ill 
CD 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustmentto MISO Deferred Expense Amortization 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following adjustment represents the recognition of Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. ("MJSO") nonfuel costs deferred through the effective 
date of the rates approved in the IURC order in Cause No. 44576. 
Pro Forma 
Line 
Unamortized 
AmortiZation 
Annual 
Less: 
Amortization 
Per Books 
Pro Forma 
for the-Twelve 
Amortization 
Months Ended 
Adjustment 
{See Schedule 
No. ___________ 
Oes_cn_-~pti_on ______________________________________ _ 
Balance 
Period 
Amortization 
1213112022 
OM1) 
MISO deferred in accordance with the IURC orders 
ln Cause Nos. 42266, 42685 and 42962 
1 
Total deferred MISC nonfuel costs 
2 
Less: Resettlements by MISO per FERC Order 
in EL14--12 
3 
Net recoverable MISC nonfuel charges 
4 
Annual Amortization tr, FERC Account 
5 
565000 
6 
575200 
7 
557000 
8 
561200 
9 
557000 
10 
566000 
11 
561200 
(Col.1) 
134,952 
1,029 
133,923 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
10 ..cs ___ 
1cc3,.c,392=...a$;_ _ 
_;,13",39~2 
3,655 
3,097 
4,153 
391 
337 
2.318 
94 
(Col.5) 
Line 
No. 
10 
11 
12 
Total Amortization of OM Expense 
=$===1=4_,,045== =$=======14.""04==5 ===="'<0,.1 12 
13 
Annual Amortization to Revenue FERC 456100 (See Schedule REVS) 
14 Total Amortization to FERC 182300 (Agrees to Line 3 Column 3) 
15 Less: Accumulated amortization at December 31, 2022 
representing amounts received through basic rates 
and charges. 
16 Total unamortized balance 
86,048 
47,875 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM14 
(653) $ 
(653) 
13 
13,392 $ 
13,392 
14 
15 
16 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
{Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 
AES lndlana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES lndlana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM16-S-R 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Operation and Maintenance Expenses for 
Wages of AES Indiana and AES U.S. Services, LLC (AES Services) Employees 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following adjustment represents the net Impact of changes to AES Indiana and AES U.S. Services, LLC (AES Services) 
labor costs 
Line 
No. 
Labor costs (AES Indiana employees) 
2 
Labor costs (from AES Services) 
3 
Total labor, AES Indiana and AES Services costs 
$ 
$ 
Total 
Electric 
Per 
Books 
(Col.1) 
113,540 
19,760 
133,300 
Pro Forma 
Adjustments 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
$ 
11,025 
22,974 
3,213 
$ 
147,539 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
Proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
$ 
14,239 
4 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been flied as AES Indiana Workpaper OM15. 
_, 
1 
J 
~ 
j 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM16 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Operation and Maintenance Expenses for 
Employer Insurance Benefits of AES Indiana and AES U.S. Services, LLC (AES Services) 
Employees 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following adjustment represents the net impact of changes to AESI and AES U.S. Services, LLC (AES Services) 
insurance benefit costs. 
Total 
Electric 
Line 
Per 
Line 
No. 
Books 
Pro Forma 
Adjustments 
No. 
(Col. 1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
Benefit costs (AES Indiana employees) 
$ 
21,644 
$ 
23,117 
$ 
1,473 
2 
Benefit costs (from AES Services) 
2,093 
2,454 
361 
2 
3 
Net insurance benefits and AES Services costs 
$ 
23,737 
$ 
25 571 
3 
4 
Proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
$ 
1,834 
4 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM16. 
j 
J 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM17 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Operation and Maintenance Expenses for 
Pension and OPEB Expense of AES Indiana and AES U.S. Services, LLC (AES Services) Employees 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following adjustment represents the net Impact of changes to AES Indiana pension expense. 
Total 
Electric 
Line 
Per 
Line 
No. 
Books 
Pro Forms 
Adjustments 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
Service cost 
$ 
9,049 
$ 
5,262 
$ 
(3,787) 
2 
Interest cost 
18,305 
29,881 
11,576 
2 
3 
Expected return on assets 
(35,955) 
(33,005) 
2,950 
3 
4 
Amortization of prior service cost 
2,208 
2,055 
(154) 
4 
5 
Amortization of net actuarial loss 
2,079 
5,486 
3,407 
5 
6 
Settlement (gain) / loss recognized 
203 
(203) 
6 
7 
Subtotal Pension and OPES Expense 
$ 
(4,111) 
$ 
9,679 
$ 
13,790 
7 
8 
Benefits claims 
$ 
210 
$ 
$ 
(210) 
8 
9 
Total Pension and OPES Expense 
$ 
(3,901) 
$ 
9679 
9 
10 
Pro forms adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
$ 
13 580 
10 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM17. 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM18-S-R 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Operations and Maintenance Expense for the ACE Project 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following pro forma adjustment adjusts the on going O&M related to the ACE Project. 
Pro Forma 
Twelve Months 
ACE 
Ended 
Pro Forma 
Line 
No. 
O&M 
12/31/2022 
Adjustment 
Line 
Exeense 
Per Books 
(See Schedule OM1l 
No. 
(Col. 1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
ACE O&M 
$ 
1,195 
$ 
8,127 
2 
Total ACE O&M 
$ 
91322 
$ 
1 195 
$ 
8,127 
2 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM18. 
i 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM19 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Remove Image-Building Advertising Costs 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following pro forma adjustment reflects the removal of Image-building advertising recorded during the test year. 
Pro Forma 
Twelve Months 
Image-Building 
Ended 
Pro Forma 
Line 
Advertising 
12/31/2022 
Adjustment 
Line 
No. 
Exeense 
Per Books 
(See Schedule OM1) 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
Image-building advertising In FERG Acct 930.1 
$ 
. $ 
2,118 
$ 
(2,118) 
2 
Image-building advertising in other accounts 
87 
(87} 
2 
3 
Total Image-building advertising 
$ 
- $ 
2,205 
$ 
(2,205) 
3 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM19. 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to 
Injuries and Damages Expense 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM20 
The following adjusts Injury and damage expense to the average of the last 3 years. 
Line 
No. 
Injury and Damage Expense 
$ 
Pro Forma 
Costs 
(Col. 1) 
1,599 
$ 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
12/31/2022 
Per Books 
(Col.2) 
Proforma 
Adjustment 
(See Schedule OM1) 
(Col. 3) 
1,364 =$========2..,35.., 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM20. 
Line 
No. 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM21-S-R 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Amortization of Rate Case Expense 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
It Is estimated that the following costs wlll be Incurred in the preparation and presentation of AES Indiana's current Petition to the Commission. AES Indiana considers It 
reasonable to amortize these costs over three years. 
Line 
Amortization 
Line 
No. 
Period 
Cost 
Total 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
Cost of depreciation and demolltlon studies: 
2 
Depreciation 
$ 
100 
2 
3 
Demollllon 
180 
3 
4 
Total projected cost of depreciation and demollllon studies 
$ 
280 
4 
5 
All other rate case expenses: 
5 
6 
Legal 
$ 
1,900 
6 
7 
Fair Return 
75 
7 
8 
Weather NormallzaUon 
178 
8 
9 
Rate Design 
461 
9 
10 
Line Loss Study 
80 
10 
11 
Accounting and Tax Consulting 
100 
11 
12 
Configuration 
296 
12 
13 
Other - (e.g. Addlllonal Witness/Consultlng Support, Postage) 
1,615 
13 
14 
Total projected cost of all other rate case expenses 
$ 
4,7051 
14 
15 
Total proforma cost of 2023 rate case expenses 
$ 
3,000 
15 
16 
Pro forma annual amortization of rate case expenses 
4years 
$ 
750 
16 
17 
Less: Per books amortization durtng the twelve months ended 
December 31, 2022 
17 
18 
Total proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
$ 
750 
18 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM21. 
_g 
l 
::¾; 
dl 
'~ 
,,,;; 
~ 
_] 
~ 
i 
~ 
i " 
1 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustments 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM22-S-R 
Due to Miscellaneous Expense Items 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
This schedule removes items not deemed to be reasonably necessary to provide reliable electric service and also reflects 
adjustments to bring certain miscellaneous test year expenses to the current experienced rate of expense as of the end of 
the test year. 
Line 
Line 
Pro Forma 
No. 
Adjustments 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
Production - Operations 
2 
Operation of Steam Power Generation 
$ 
(44) 
2 
3 
Maintenance of Steam Plant 
(10) 
3 
Other Power Production 
(15) 
4 
$ 
(69) 
4 
5 
Transmission & Distribution 
5 
6 
Transmission operation and maintenance expenses 
$ 
(16) 
6 
7 
Distribution operation and maintenance expenses 
(524) 
7 
8 
$ 
(540) 
8 
9 
Customer Accounts 
(3) 
9 
10 
Customer Service & Informational 
(6) 
10 
11 
Administrative & General 
11 
12 
Office supplies and expenses 
$ 
(203) 
12 
12 
Outside services employed 
354 
12 
13 
Employee Pensions and Benefits 
13 
14 
Miscellaneous general expenses 
14 
15 
Maintenance of General Plant 
(7) 
15 
16 
(2,323) 
16 
17 
Pro forma adjustment (See Schedule OM 1) 
$ 
(2,941) 
17 
Summary of ero forma adjustment 
18 
Miscellaneous expense adjustments 
(804) 
18 
19 
Run-rate adjustment 
(2,137) 
19 
20 
Total proforma adjustment (agrees to line 17 above) 
$ 
(2,941) 
20 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been flied as AES Indiana Workpaper OM22. 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to 
AES U.S. Services, LLC (AES Services) Occupancy and Non-Labor Costs 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Occupancy 
Occupancy 
Non-labor 
No. 
Revenue 
Charges 
Expenses 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col. 3) 
Proforma: 
Costs allocated to AES Indiana from AES Services 
$ 
3,074 
$ 
2 
Revenue charged to AES Services by AES Indiana 
$ 
(7,002) 
3 
Totals 
(7,002) 
3,074 
Per books for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022: 
4 
Costs allocated to AES Indiana from AES Services 
$ 
2,714 
$ 
5 
Revenue charged to AES Services by AES Indiana 
$ 
(5,771) 
6 
Totals 
(5,771) 
2,714 
7 
Net pro forma adjustments 
$ 
(1,231) 
$ 
361 
$ 
8 
Proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM23. 
Total 
(Col.4) 
73 
73 $ 
(3,855). 
58 
58 $ 
(3,000) 
14 
$ 
(85~ 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
-4 
1 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES lndlana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES lndlana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM24 
Remove Items Recovered via Trackers Which Have Not 
Already Been Eliminated via other Pro Forma Adjustments 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following pro forma adjustment removes ECR and TOSIC tracker related Items that have not been removed via other pro forma adjustments. 
Because these Items are fully recovered via a tracker, they should not be Included In basic rates. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
Remove AMI Opt Out Cost Amortization which was recovered Via the ECR Tracker- FERC 923 
Remove TOSIC Program Development Costs Amortization which was recovered via the TOSIC Tracker-
FERC 923 
Remove TOSIC Tracker Variance and Amortization recovered via the TOSIC tracker recorded to FERC 923 
(1) 
Pro forma adjustment to eliminate ECR, TOSIC tracker Items (See Schedule OM1) 
(1) The monthly TOSIC tracker variance Is recorded lo FERC accounts 408100 (property laxes), 407300/400 (regulatory credits and debits), 
and 923 (outside services). The amounts recorded to FERC accounts 408100 and 407300/400 were removed from the test year via the 
DEPR exhibit and the OTX2 exhibit. 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been flied as AES Indiana Workpaper OM24. 
Pro Forms 
Adjustment 
(See Schedule OM1) 
(Col.1) 
$ 
$ 
(156) 
(784) 
18 
(922) 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
i 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana Financial Exhibit AESI-OPER 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Schedule OM26 
Pro Forma Adjustment to 
Property and other Casualty Insurance Expense 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following adjustments represent the net impact of changes to AES Indiana's property insurance premiums due to rate changes. 
Twelve Months 
Ended 
Pro Forma 
Line 
Pro Forma 
12/31/2022 
Adjustment 
Line 
(See Schedule 
No. 
Costs 
Per Books 
OM1) 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
Property and Other Casualty Insurance 
$ 
19,125 
$ 
14,260 
$ 
4,864 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM25. 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OM26 
Write-Off of Preliminary Survey and Investigation Charges and Cancelled Capital Projects 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following proforma adjustment reflects a normalization of write-offs from FERC 183.1 Other Preliminary 
Survey and Investigation Charges and cancelled capital projects. 
Line 
No. 
Description 
Actual write off for the 12 month period ended December 31, 2020 
2 
Actual write off for the 12 month period ended December 31, 2021 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
Actual write off for the 12 month period ended December 31, 2022 
Total write off for the 3 year period ended December 31, 2022 
3-year average write off of other preliminary survey and Investigation charges and 
cancelled capital projects 
Per books write-offs during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 
Proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM26. 
Amount 
(Col.1) 
2,192 
168 
1,668 
4,028 
1,343 
1,668 
(325) 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustments to Uncollectible Accounts Expense 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
{Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
The following adjustments reflect the application of the experience rate of uncollectible accounts to the respective pro forrna electric revenues. 
Total 
Total 
Electric 
Electric 
Line 
At Present 
At Proposed 
Supporting 
Line 
No. 
Rates 
Rates 
AES Indiana Financial Exhibit Reference 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
Bectric operating revenues for the twelve months 
ended December 31. 2022 
$ 
1,571,599 
$ 
1,642,636 
AESI-OPER, Sch. OPING, line 1, Cols. 4 and 6 
2 
Less: Off-system sales 
28,612 
28,612 
AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, line 6, Cols. 3 and 5 
2 
3 
Less: Rents from electric property 
3,238 
3,238 
AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, Line 9, Cols. 3 and 5 
3 
4 
Less: Capacity sales 
AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, Line 7, Cols. 3 and 5 
4 
5 
Less: Miscellaneous electric revenue 
5,297 
5,297 
AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, Line 11, Cols. 3 and 5 
5 
6 
Net 
$ 
1,534,452 
$ 
1,605,489 
6 
7 
Uncollectible accounts experience rate 
0.3814% 
7 
8 
Pro forrna uncollectible electric accounts expense 
$ 
5,852 
$ 
6,123 
8 
9 
Amount charged to total electric operating expense 
Cl))> )> 
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 
7,478 
9 
i gi m 
C..5"-
C 0. :, 
ii' m E: 
10 
Pro forrna adjustment at present rates 
$ 
c1,e2ei 
(See ExhibitAESI-OPER, Sch. OM1, Column 1) 
10 
0 :J ~ 
;;::"' .. 
N)>,_, 
-=-'i ~ 
11 
Less: Pro forrna electric at present rates expense 
5,852 
11 
Cllow 
~::,-11:J 
3 .. 
ID In 
:, -
12 
Pro forrna adjustment at proposed rates 
$ 
271 
(See ExhibitAESI-OPER, Sch. OM1, Column 2) 
12 
~o 
0 ;o 
)> .. 
;o ~ 
... 
SJ 0 .. .. 
ID 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana WorkpaperOM27. 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustments to Public Utility Fee 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
The following adjustments reflect the application of the public utility fee, increased by the current billing factor, to the respective pro forrna electric revenues. 
Line 
No. 
Description 
Electric operating revenues for the twelve months 
ended December 31, 2022 
2 
Less : Capacity Sales 
3 
Less: Off-system sales 
4 
Less: Rents 
5 Less: Other customer charges 
6 Less: Miscellaneous electric revenues 
7 Less: Uncollectible accounts expense 
B Net electric operating revenue subject to public utility fee 
9 Effective public utility fee rate 
1 O Pro forrna public utility fee 
11 Fee charged to total electric operating expense during 
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 
12 Pro forrna adjustment at present rates 
13 Less: Pro forrna electric at present rates expense 
14 Pro forrna adjustment at proposed rates 
Total 
Total 
Electric 
Electric 
At Present 
At Proposed 
Supporting 
Rates 
Rates 
AES Indiana Financial Exhibit Reference 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
$ 
1,571,599 $ 
1,642,636 AESI-OPER, Sch. OPING, Line 1, Cols. 4 and 6 
(11,750) 
(11,750) AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, Line 7, Cols. 3 and 5 
28,612 
28,612 AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, Line 6, Cols. 3 and 5 
3,238 
3,238 AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, Line 9, Cols. 3 and 5 
16,875 
16,875 AES I-OP ER, Sch. REV1, Line 10, Cols. 3 and 5 
5,297 
5,297 AESI-OPER, Sch. REV1, Line 11, Cols. 3 and 5 
_____ 
5--'''--8_52 _____ 
6--',_123_AESI-OPER, Sch. OM27, Line 8, Cols. 1 and 2 
$ 
1,523,475 $ 
1,594,241 
$ 
2,236 $ 
2,341 
1,608 
$ 
628 
(See Exhibit AESI-OPER, Sch. OM1, Column 1) 
2,236 
=$====1=0=5=(See ExhibitAESI-OPER, Sch. OM1, Column 2) 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OM2B. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
w;i;;;i;; 
~ a, en 
<l. -
-
12 
C:::,:::, 
-a.a. 
CD --
o~~ 
;;:: .... 
13 "" )> ., 
~~~ 
. " ... 
;;o :::,- ID 
14 
3 .. 
CD !!J_ 
:::, " 
0 ;;o 
)> !!l. 
;;ti CD ... 
., 0 
oo., 
rn 
CD 
Ii ,!ildlll@ilMililuililliill-lilllhl•,c;lfii!lhti.1i!imlmiill&iiunhlWllltb'"H"iffi·1,i·WJ.illlllir1h,• ~, i-.,l¼',1,i~~"•·l-41' i, 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Pro Fonna Adjustment to Total Electric at Present Rates to Reflect the Annual Provision for Depreciation and 
Amortization Expense for the Twelve Month Period Ended December 31, 2022 
Applying Proposed Depreciation and Amortization Rates to Pro Forma Original Cost Rate Base 
Line 
No. 
1 
Total electric utility plant in service per books (1) 
2 
Less: Asset retirement obligation asset (2) 
3 
Less: Fully depreciated ubTrty plant 
4 
Less: Non-depreciable assets included 
above - land and other 
Total depreciable assets fn service per 
books at December 31, 2022 
6 
Less: Non-jurisdictional plant-in-service (3) 
7 
Add: ACE Project (4) 
8 
Less: Pete Unit 2 and 1 &2 Shared Asset Retirements (5} 
Less: f!;,/ CCGT Foroed outage (5) 
10 
Total depreciable assets 
11 
Pro fonna depreciation and amortization 
12 
Add: Plant acquisition adjustment amortization (6) 
13 
Add: Amortization of regulatory assets on AESI-RB. Schedule RB9 (7) 
14 
Total pro tonna depreciation and amortization expense 
Less: regulatory asset amortization charges to FERC 923 for the twelve months ended December 
15 
31,2022. 
Less: Total depreciation and amortization expense charged to depreciation and amortization 
16 
expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 (8) 
17 
Pro forma adjustment (See AESI-OPER, Schedule OPINC, Line 3. Column 3) 
(1) 
See AESI-RB. Schedule RB2, Line 9 
(2) 
See AESI-RB, Schedule RBS. Line 7 
(3) 
See AESI-RB, Schedule RBS. Line 7 
(4) 
See AESI-RB, Schedule RB3, Line 3 
(5) 
See AESI-RB, Schedule RB4, Line 9 
Reflects a 33-year amortization period, the estimated remaining useful life of the asset at the time of 
(6) 
the acquisition. 
(7) 
See AESI-RB, Schedule RB9 Page 4 of 5, Line 32 
(8) 
See AESI-OPER, Schedule OPINC, Line 3, Column 2 
$ 
$ 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting work.papers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper DEPR. 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Functional 
Classification 
Intangible 
Systems 
Produdion 
Transmission 
Plant 
Software 
Plant 
Plant 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
46 
$ 
153,606 
$ 
4,166,085 
$ 
461,042 
$ 
(195,718) 
(30) 
(78,784) 
(4,710) 
(46) 
(3,672) 
(546) 
$ 
74,822 
$ 
3,961,985 
$ 
460,466 
$ 
$ 
(20,788) 
$ 
83,838 
$ 
(501,630) 
$ 
(11,112) 
$ 
158,660 
$ 
3,449,242 
$ 
439,678 
$ 
s 
19,225 
$ 
9,162 
$ 
Distribution 
General 
Line 
Plant 
Plant 
Total 
No. 
(Col. 5) 
(Col.6) 
(Col. 7) 
2,036,697 
$ 
2so,1n 
$ 
7,077,649 
(235) 
(693) 
(196.676) 
2 
(83,494) 
3 
4 
(3,621) 
(3,775) 
(11,660) 
5 
2,032,841 
$ 
255,705 
6,785,819 
(20,788) 
6 
83,838 
7 
(501,630) 
8 
(11,112) 
9 
2,032,841 
$ 
255,705 
6,336,126 
10 
36,790 
$ 
12,732 
269,976 
11 
15 
12 
31,505 
13 
$ 
301,496 
14 
91 
15 
2n.os3 
16 
$ 
29,312 
17 
.. l> l> 
i~Zl 
~ii 
~!: 
.. = 
0 
ln~ = 
:bit 
a. n 
""' 
l> m 
::a! 
t:5 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Taxes Other than Income Taxes for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
Per Books and Pro Forma at Present and Proposed Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Adjustment 
Shown on 
Total 
AESI Financial 
Electric 
Total Electric 
Total Electric 
At Proposed 
Exhibit 
Per 
At Present Rates 
Rates 
AESI-OPER 
Books 
Adjustments 
Pro Forma 
Adjustments 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
(Col. 5) 
Real estate and personal property taxes 
Sch. O1X2 
$ 
12,620 
$ 
3,369 
$ 
15,989 
$ 
-
Payroll taxes 
Sch.O1X3 
9,014 
1,257 
10,272 
Indiana utility receipts tax 
Sch. O1X4 
11,096 
(11,096) 
Miscellaneous taxes 
733 
733 
Total taxes other than income taxes 
(See AESI Financial Exhibit AESI-OPER, Schedule 
OPINC, Line 4) 
$ 
33,464 
$ 
!6,47ol $ 
26,994 
$ 
-
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Work.paper OTX1. 
Pro Forma 
(Col.6) 
$ 
15,989 
10,272 
733 
$ 
26,994 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
..,; 
I.me 
No 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to 
Real Estate and Personal Property Taxes, Including Rall Car Tax 
For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars, Except Composite Property Tax Rate) 
Proforma assessed valuation as ot 12/31/2022 (Excluding Rall Cars) 
composite net property tax rate per $100 of assessed valuation 
Pro forma real estate and personal property tax 
Total pro form a real estate and personal property taxes, Including ran car tax 
chargeable to electrlc operating Income. prior to reUrement of Pete Unit 2 
Pro forma adjustment to real estate and personal property taxes Including Rail Cat tax 
chargeable to electric operatmg Income, prior to retirement of Pete Unit 2 
Pro forma adjustment to reat estate and personal property taxes for Pete Unit 2 
retired May 31, 2023 
Total proforma adjustment to real estate end personal property taxes, includlng Rall 
Car lax, chargeable to eleclrlc operating Income (See Schedule OTX1, Line 1, Col. 3} 
Add; Addition for Rall Car Tax 
Less. Per books real estate and personal 
property taxes expense 
AES lndlana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES lndlanaAttachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OTX2 
(Col.1) 
736,311 
2.2248 
16,381 
60 
16,442 
12,620 
3,822 
(453) 
3,369 
Line 
No 
Note· The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OTX2. 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana Financial Exhibit AESI-OPER 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Schedule OTX3-S-R 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Reflect the Change in 
Payroll Taxes Applicable to Pro Forma Wage Adjustments and Changes in Tax Rates 
Chargeable to Operation and Maintenance Expense 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
The following adjustment represents the net impact of changes to AESI and AES U.S. Services, LLC (AES Services) 
payroll tax costs 
Total 
Electric 
Line 
Per 
No. 
Books 
Pro Forma 
(Col. 1) 
(Col. 2) 
Payroll Tax costs (AESI employees) 
$ 
7,621 
$ 
2 
Payroll Tax costs (from AES Services) 
1,394 
1,608 
3 
Total Payroll Tax, AESI and AES Services costs 
$ 
9,014 
$ 
10,272 
4 
Proforma adjustment (See Schedule OM1) 
$ 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been flied as AES Indiana Workpaper OTX3. 
Adjustments 
(Col. 3) 
1,043 
214 
1,257 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
-' 
] 
~ 
~ 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule OTX4 
Pro Forma Adjustment To Indiana Utility Receipts Tax (URT) 
at Present and Proposed Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Total Electrto 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Per Books 
Adjustment 
Adjustment 
al 
At Present 
At Proposed 
12/31/2022 
Rates 
Rates 
(Col.1), 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
URT taxable Income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022: 
URT 01 Retell Sales of Utility Services - Operating 
$ 
761,327 
URT 05 Eleotrtc rent revenue 
3,698 
URT 06 Other Receipts 
9,047 
URT 08 Exemptions 
(1) 
URT 09 Bad Debt 
(3,249) 
URT 10 Depreciation on Resource Recovery Systems 
(6,488) 
Net 
$ 
764,335 
URT lax rate 
1.46% 
URTtax 
$ 
11,159 
URT for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 per books 
$ 
11,096 
$ 
(11,096) 
Remove URT out-of-pertod adjustment 
63 
Net URT per books 
$ 
11,159 
Net proforma adjustment al present rates (See Schedule OTX1, Col. 3, Line 3) 
$ 
p1,096l 
Total proforma adjustment at proposed rates (See Schedule OTX1, Col. 5, Line 3) 
$ 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting wol1<papers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper OTX4. 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
M"-1tliiillililblllliill1!ili&hliWr1-,IIUillhl~m.ii1llilllDllll .iii,;~}J~11& .L l:\itihfa~Jilllii+.1 , ·, , • ,Ji&hlllv.1,U,1,,., ,I v.1, ~, 1 ,,-w ,_, 
AES Indiana 
Summary of Income Taxes for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
Per Books and Pro Forma at Present and Proposed Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Adjustment 
Total 
Shown on 
Electric 
Total Electric 
Line 
AES Indiana 
Per 
At Present Rates 
No. 
Financial Exhib~ 
Books 
Adjustments 
Pro Forma 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col. 3) 
(Col.4) 
Current -federal (See Schedule OPING, Line 7) 
Schedule TX2 
$ 
31,385 
$ 
(334) 
$ 
31,051 
2 
Current - state (See Schedule OPING, Line 8) 
Schedule TX3 
8,168 
(658) 
7,510 
3 
Deferred -federal (See Schedule OPING, Line 9) 
Schedule TX4 
(7,278) 
(4,241) 
(11,519) 
4 
Deferred -state (See Schedule OPING Line 10) 
Schedule TX4 
125 
(1,985) 
(1,860) 
5 
Investment tax credit adjustments (See 
Schedule OPING, Line 11) 
Schedule TX5 
(3) 
(3) 
6 
Total income taxes (See Schedule OPING, 
Line 12) 
$ 
32,397 
$ 
(7,218) 
$ 
25,179 
$ 
$ 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Total Electric 
At Proposed Rates 
Line 
Adjustments 
Pro Forma 
No. 
(Col.SJ 
(Col.6) 
14,112 
$ 
45,163 
3,462 
10,972 
2 
(11,519) 
3 
(1,860) 
4 
(3) 
5 
17,574 
$ 
42,753 
6 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to the Computation of 
Current Federal Income Tax Expense 
at Present Rates and at Proposed Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Per Books 
Adjustments 
Federal Income 
Line 
at 
at 
Tax at 
No. 
12131/2022 
Present Rates 
Present Rates 
(Col. 1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col. 3) 
Operating revenues (1) 
$ 
1,791,546 
$ 
(219,947) 
$ 
1,571,599 
Less: 
2 
Operation and maintenance expenses (1) 
1,242,330 
(207,195) 
1,035,135 
3 
Depreciation and amortization expense (1) 
272,093 
29,312 
301,405 
4 
Taxes other than income taxes (1) 
33,464 
(6,470) 
26,994 
5 
Operating income before income taxes (1) 
243,660 
(35,595) 
208,065 
Permanent book/tax differences: 
6 
Disallowed parking 
558 
558 
7 
Meals & entertainment 
808 
(362) 
446 
8 
Other 
(13) 
13 
9 
Total permanent 
1,352 
(348) 
1,004 
Temporary book/tax differences: 
10 
Pension 
(3,643) 
13,733 
10,090 
11 
Insurance reserve 
71 
71 
12 
NOx 
174 
174 
13 
Contingent liabilities 
125 
125 
14 
MISO 
14,896 
14,896 
15 
MPP 
134 
(41) 
93 
16 
Reserve for uncollectible accounts 
(150) 
(150) 
17 
Accrued property tax 
18 
Early retirement of debt 
1,274 
1,274 
19 
Supplemental pension 
(158) 
(161) 
(319) 
Pro Forma 
Adjustments 
at 
Proposed Rates 
(Col. 4) 
$ 
71,037 
376 
70,661 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Pro Forma 
Federal Income 
Tax at 
Line 
Proposed Rates 
No. 
(Col.5) 
$ 
1,642,636 
1,035,511 
2 
301,405 
3 
26,994 
4 
278,726 
5 
558 
6 
446 
7 
8 
1,004 
9 
10,090 
10 
-0 "' )> )> 
sun mm 
~ ~ en en 
71 
11 
-.c.s-:r 
0 !:.c.o. 
174 
12 
-tt a, iii" i" 
125 
13 
~ ~'; 
~ ~ ~ 
14,896 
14 
' 
O> 
N 
;a " "' 
93 
15 
:rm 
3 .. 
(150) 
16 
CD!!!_ 
:, " 
17 
ci ::a 
)> !!l. 
1,274 
18 
::0 CD 
' .. 
(319) 
19 
NO 
"' .. ., 
CD 
Line 
No. 
20 
21 
22 
23 
24 
25 
26 
27 
28 
29 
30 
31 
32 
33 
34 
35 
36 
37 
38 
39 
40 
41 
42 
43 
44 
pij.,iliiillitJliilllilllllilllidltHffl•-1™11~1iWilUIW-lih-J,J*l@l..,~,dwHU:Ji,., ,, Allitwli.~li,,.l,,n 
(Continued from Page 1) 
Accrued vacation 
Post-retirement benefits 
Long term compensation 
Performance bonus 
Rate case expenses 
Electric vehicle sup equip 
NAAQS 
Accrued severance 
MATS 
NPDES 
CCGT/Harding Street 5&6 
Major storm damage 
Capacity cost recovery 
Harding Street 7 
Petersburg Unit No. 4 regulatory amortization 
Payroll tax 
Pete 1 
Pete 2 & Pete 1 & 2 Shared 
IDSIC 
AMI 
Deferred fuel 
Hardy Hills 
COVID-19 
451 method change 
Research & experimental expenditures 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to the Computation of 
Current Federal Income Tax Expense 
at Present Rates and at Proposed Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Pro Forma 
Per Books 
Adjustments 
at 
at 
12/31/2022 
Present Rates 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
$ 
202 
$ 
(874) 
218 
257 
(77) 
(351) 
2,513 
(230) 
980 
106 
25 
45 
262 
(417) 
872 
226 
29 
471 
1,482 
173 
1,363 
(33) 
568 
(650) 
1,054 
(0) 
(2,652) 
2,652 
12,605 
(7,605) 
11,572 
(5,441) 
5,764 
162 
4,336 
(1,910) 
1,357 
8,239 
1,235 
(7,993) 
$ 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Federal Income 
Adjustments 
Tax at 
at 
Present Rates 
Proposed Rates 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
202 
$ 
(658) 
180 
2,163 
750 
106 
70 
(155) 
1,098 
500 
1,656 
1,363 
(33) 
(83) 
1,054 
5,000 
11,572 
323 
162 
4,336 
(1,910) 
1,357 
8,239 
(6,759) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Pro Forma 
Federal Income 
Tax at 
Line 
Proposed Rates 
No. 
(Col.5) 
$ 
202 
20 
(656) 
21 
180 
22 
2,163 
23 
750 
24 
106 
25 
70 
26 
(155) 
27 
1,098 
28 
500 
29 
1,656 
30 
1,363 
31 
(33) 
32 
(83) 
33 
1,054 
34 
35 
5,000 
36 
11,572 
37 
,, Cl) l> l> 
323 
38 
m n mm 
cg ;cncn 
162 
39 
N 
Q. 5' S° 
4,336 
40 
0 E.c.c. 
-mmm 
(1,910) 
41 
,I:..;;!;; 
1,357 
42 
~~~ 
:i:r g ti 
8,239 
43 
::r a, 
3 .. 
(6,759) 
44 
.. !!!. 
::, " 
0 ;II 
l> !!'. 
;II .. 
' "' 
.. 0 
Cl) .. ., .. 
AES Indiana 
Pro Form a Adjustment to the Computation of 
Current Federal Income Tax Expense 
at Present Rates and at Proposed Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Per Books 
Adjustments 
Federal Income 
Line 
at 
at 
Tax at 
No. 
12/31/2022 
Present Rates 
Present Rates 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Continued from Page 2) 
45 
AFUDCdebt 
$ 
(8,215) 
$ 
$ 
(8,215) 
46 
Capitalized interest 
4,081 
4,081 
47 
CIAC 
16,726 
16,726 
48 
Tax depreciation (net of capitalized depr.) 
(213,244) 
22,378 
(190,867) 
49 
Tax gain/loss & removal costs 
(23,450) 
(23,450) 
50 
Book depreciation 
263,798 
6,193 
269,991 
51 
Mixed service costs 
(4,219) 
(4,219) 
52 
Repairs 
(70,841) 
(70,841) 
53 
Total temporary 
(1,334) 
51,331 
49,997 
Interest 
54 
Less: Actual / synchronized interest (2) 
86,682 
{3,661) 
83,022 
55 
Less: Parent interest (3) 
20,672 
20,672 
56 
Adjusted operating income before income taxes 
156,995 
(1,623) 
155,372 
57 
Less: State net income tax expense (4) 
8,133 
(623) 
7,510 
58 
Add: Net operating loss adjustment (non-recurring) 
59 
Taxable federal net income 
$ 
148,862 
$ 
(1,000) 
$ 
147,862 
60 
Federal income tax rate 
21.0% 
61 
Federal income tax expense @ 21 % 
$ 
31,261 
$ 
(210) 
$ 
31,051 
,,. I 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Adjustments 
Federal Income 
at 
Tax at 
Line 
Proposed Rates 
Proposed Rates 
No. 
(Col.4) 
(Col.5) 
$ 
$ 
(8,215) 
45 
4,081 
46 
16,726 
47 
(190,867) 
48 
(23,450) 
49 
269,991 
50 
(4,219) 
51 
(70,841) 
52 
49,997 
53 
83,022 
54 
20,672 
55 
70,661 
226,033 
56 
3,462 
10,972 
57 
58 
-v C1l )> )> 
i» 
c, mm 
cc 
:::l" en en 
$ 
67,199 
$ 
59 
CD 
a, -
-
215,061 
w ~ ~ ::l 
C 
l:L C. 
o---
-
CD m 
SD 
60 
~ ~ ~ ~ 
N 
)> N 
;,, ::: ~ 
• 
., c., 
$ 
14,112 
$ 
45,163 
61 
:;o g. m 
3 .. 
CD!!!_ 
:::, 
0 
-
:u 
C> .. 
)> -
;tJ CD . "' 
N 
C) 
C1l .. 
"' 
CD 
Line 
No. 
(Continued from Page 3) 
62 
Amount recorded on books for the twelve 
63 
64 
65 
66 
67 
months ended December 31. 2022 
Out-of-period adjustments: 
Remove 2021 tax return adjustments 
Adjusted per books net federal income taxes for 
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 
Net pro forrna adjustment at present rates 
(See Schedule TX1, Line 1, Column 3) 
Proforma federal income tax at present rates 
Proforma adjustment at proposed rates 
(See Schedule TX1, Line 1, Column 5) 
68 
Pro forma federal income tax at proposed rates 
(1) See AESI-OPER, Schedule OPINC 
(2) See AESI-OPER, Schedule TX6 
(3) See AESI-OPER, Schedule TX7 
(4) See AESI-OPER, Schedule TX3 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forrna Adjustment to the Computation of 
Current Federal Income Tax Expense 
at Present Rates and at Proposed Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Per Books 
at 
12/31/2022 
Adjustments 
Federal Income 
at 
Tax at 
Present Rates 
Present Rates 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
$ 
31,385 
(124) 
(124) 
$ 
31,261 
$ 
(334) 
$ 
31,051 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper TX2. 
Pro Forma 
Adjustments 
at 
Proposed Rates 
(Col.4) 
$ 
14,112 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Pro Forma 
Federal Income 
Tax at 
Line 
Proposed Rates 
No. 
(Col.SJ 
62 
63 
64 
65 
66 
67 
$ 
45,163 
68 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to the Computation of Current State Income Tax Expense 
at Present Rates and at Proposed Rates 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Pro Forma 
Pro Fonna 
Pro Forma 
Per Books 
Adjustments 
State Income 
Adjustments 
Line 
at 
at 
Tax at 
at 
No. 
12/31/2022 
Present Rates 
Present Rates 
Proposed Rates 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
Federal taxable operating income before income taxes 
$ 
156,995 
$ 
(1,623) 
$ 
155,372 
$ 
70,661 
2 
Add: 
Utility receipts tax (see Schedule OTX4) 
11,096 
(11,096) 
3 
Charitable contributions 
4 
Less: U.S. interest 
5 
Bonus depreciation adjustment 
2,118 
2,118 
6 
State net taxable income (before adjustments) 
165,974 
(12,719) 
153,255 
70,661 
7 
Add: Net operating loss adjustment (non-recun1ng) 
8 
State net taxable income 
$ 
165,974 
$ 
(12,719) 
$ 
153,255 
$ 
70,661 
9 
state income tax rate (blended as needed) 
4.9000%1 
4.9000%1 
4.9000%1 
4.9000%1 
10 
State net income tax expense 
$ 
8133 
$ 
~3) 
$ 
7,509 
$ 
3,462 
11 
Amount recorded on books for the twelve months 
ended December 31, 2022 
$ 
8,168 
12 
Out-of-Period: Remove 2021 tax retum adjustments 
(35) 
(35) 
13 
Adjusted state income taxes per books for the twelve 
months ended December 31, 2022 
$ 
8,133 
14 
Net pro forrna adjustment at present rates 
(See Schedule TX1, Line 2, Column 3) 
$ 
(658) 
15 
Pro forma state income tax at present rates 
$ 
7,510 
16 
Net pro forma adjustment at proposed rates 
(See Schedule TX1, Line 2, Column 5) 
$ 
3,462 
17 
Pro forma state income tax at proposed rates 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper TX3. 
Pro Forma 
State Income 
Tax at 
Proposed Rates 
(Col.5) 
$ 
226,033 
2,118 
223,916 
$ 
223,916 
4.9000 %1 
$ 
10,972 
$ 
10,972 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
en l> l> 
"m m 
:r en "' 
13 
ID --
... :, :, 
C 0. "-
mi»» 
>! ; ; 
... )>"' 
14 
lo= s 
:b g. ~ 
3 .. 
15 
ID!!!. 
:i" 
g~ 
;u .. 
' .. 
"'0 
16 
en! 
17 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forrna Adjustment to Federal and State Deferred Income Tax Expense 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
at Present Rates and at Proposed Rates for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Calculations are based on proforma electric utility plant in service at December 31, 2022, and reflect scheduled differences and their associated deferred taxes, as 
determined by AESl's application of comprehensive inter-period tax allocation and normalization principles. 
Federal Bectric 
State Electric 
Total Electric 
Federal Electric 
State Electric 
Total Electric 
Deferred Tax 
Deferred Tax 
Deferred Tax 
Deferred 
Deferred 
Deferred 
Adjustment 
Adjustment 
Adjustment 
Line 
Income Tax 
Income Tax 
Income Tax 
Pro Forma at 
Pro Forma at 
Pro Forma at 
Line 
No. 
Per Books 
Per Books 
Per Books 
Present Rates 
Present Rates 
Present Rates 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
(Col.5) 
(Col.6) 
Pension 
$ 
728 
$ 
179 
$ 
906 
$ 
(2,743) $ 
(673) $ 
(3,415) 
2 
Insurance reserve 
(14) 
(3) 
(18) 
2 
3 
NOx 
(35) 
(9) 
(43) 
3 
4 
Contingent liabilities 
(99) 
(24) 
(123) 
4 
5 
MISO 
(2,975) 
(730) 
(3,705) 
5 
6 
MPP 
(27) 
(7) 
(33) 
8 
2 
10 
6 
7 
Union lump sum 
(10) 
(2) 
(12) 
7 
8 
Reserve for uncollectible accounts 
30 
7 
37 
8 
9 
Accrued property tax 
131 
32 
164 
9 
10 
Early retirement of debt 
(252) 
(62) 
(314) 
10 
11 
Supplemental pension 
32 
8 
39 
32 
8 
40 
11 
12 
Accrued vacation 
(40) 
(10) 
(50) 
12 
13 
Post-retirement benefits 
175 
43 
217 
(44) 
(11) 
(54) 
13 
14 
Long term compensation 
132 
32 
165 
15 
4 
19 
14 
15 
Performance bonus 
70 
17 
87 
(502) 
(123) 
(625) 
15 
"D rn l> l> 
16 
Rate case expenses 
46 
11 
57 
(196) 
(48) 
(244) 
16 
m nm m 
ID :r en en 
17 
Electric vehicle sup equip 
(21) 
(5) 
(26) 
17 
CD 
CD --
....:i. a. :::, :::, 
C: ll. ll. 
18 
NAAQS 
(5) 
(1) 
(6) 
(9) 
(2) 
(11) 
18 
o---
..... CD mm 
~ ~;? ~ 
19 
Accrued severance 
(67) 
(16) 
(83) 
83 
20 
104 
19 
... )> .,, 
20 
MATS 
(174) 
(43) 
(217) 
(45) 
(11) 
(56) 
20 
m::; ~ 
;, g ~ 
21 
NPDES 
(6) 
(1) 
(7) 
(94) 
(23) 
(117) 
21 
::rm 
3 ., 
22 
CCGT/Harding Street 5&6 
(296) 
(73) 
(369) 
(35) 
(8) 
(43) 
22 
CD 
OI 
~n 
23 
Major storm damage 
(272) 
(67) 
(339) 
23 
0 ;o 
► a 
24 
Capacity cost recovery 
6 
2 
8 
24 
::0 CD ... 
25 
Harding Street 7 
(113) 
(28) 
(141) 
130 
32 
162 
25 
~ £> .. 
26 
Research & experimental expenditures 
(247) 
(60) 
(307) 
1,596 
392 
1.988 
26 
CD 
27 
Payroll tax 
530 
130 
659 
(530) 
(130) 
(659) 
27 
,ili,iiU!liffi.i!JliaiillilllilRilll.ill'l';liiiliiLlili!iWll&i&i.iiifilllllhlJlidli!llll.cJ!it w4,L1lill•1• l~i-<11~~-- , ' •• lllfi,bikirfJJf-,. 
AES Indiana 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Federal and State Deferred Income Tax Expense 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
at Present Rates and at Proposed Rates for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Federal Electric 
State Electric 
Total Electric 
Federal Electric 
State Electric 
Total Electric 
Deferred Tax 
Deferred Tax 
Deferred Tax 
Deferred 
Deferred 
Deferred 
Adjustment 
Adjustment 
Adjustment 
Line 
Income Tax 
Income Tax 
Income Tax 
Pro Forrna at 
Pro Forrna at 
Pro Forrna at 
Line 
No. 
Per Books 
Per Books 
Per Books 
Present Rates 
Present Rates 
Present Rates 
No. 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col.3) 
(Col.4) 
(Col.5) 
(Col.6) 
(Continued from Page 1) 
28 
Pete1 
$ 
(2,517) $ 
(618) $ 
(3,135) $ 
1,519 
$ 
373 
$ 
1,891 
28 
29 
Pete 2 & Pete 1 & 2 Shared 
(2,311) 
(567) 
(2,878) 
29 
30 
TDSIC 
1,087 
267 
1,353 
(1,151) 
(282) 
(1,434) 
30 
31 
AMI 
(32) 
(8) 
(40) 
31 
32 
Deferred fuel 
(866) 
(212) 
(1,078) 
32 
33 
HardyHTils 
381 
94 
475 
33 
34 
COVID-19 
(271) 
(66) 
(337) 
34 
35 
451 method change 
(1,645) 
(404) 
(2,049) 
35 
36 
Petersburg Unit No. 4 regulatory amortization 
(220) 
(25) 
(245) 
0 
0 
0 
36 
37 
AFUDCdebt 
1,643 
391 
2,034 
37 
38 
Capitalized interest 
(818) 
(184) 
(1,002) 
38 
39 
CIAC 
(3,338) 
(833) 
(4,171) 
39 
40 
Tax depreciation (net of capitalized depr.) 
42,262 
9,988 
52,250 
(4,469) 
(1,097) 
(5,566) 
40 
41 
Tax gainnoss & removal costs 
4,683 
1,149 
5,832 
41 
42 
Book depreciation 
(50,852) 
(12,477) 
(63,329) 
(1,237) 
(303) 
(1,540) 
42 
43 
Mixed service costs 
842 
207 
1,049 
43 
'lJ tJI )> )> 
44 
Repairs 
14,148 
3,471 
17,619 
~ 0 
m m 
44 
cg I~~ 
45 
Excess ADIT Amortization 
(9,262) 
(9,262) 
5,909 
5,909 
45 
N, C 
:S :S 
~~!i 
46 
Total pro forrna adjustments at present rates 
c., >< m m 
(4,342) 
(2,515) 
(6,857) 
46 
... )> "' 
rn -
o 
' S' N 
;JJ O .. 
47 
Deferred tax expense per books recorded for 
:::rm 
3 
ID 
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 
(7,278) 
125 
(7,152) 
II) .. 
47 
:::, -
-n 
0 
;JJ 
)> .. 
Out-of-period adjustments: 
;JJ .; ... 
~o 
48 
Remove 2022 adjustment for IN rate change 
441 
441 
441 
441 
48 
.. 
"' 
49 
Remove 2021 tax return adjustments 
101 
89 
190 
101 
89 
190 
49 
CD 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Federal and State Deferred Income Tax Expense 
at Present Rates and at Proposed Rates for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
Line 
No. 
50 
Adjusted deferred tax expense for the twelve 
months ended December 31, 2022 
(Continued from Page 2J 
51 
Total proforma adjusbnents to deferred federal 
and state income tax expense at present rates 
(See Schedule TX1, Column 3, Lines 3 and 4, respectively) 
52 
Net operating loss adjustment at proposed rates 
53 
Total proforma adjusbnents to deferred federal 
and state income tax expense at proposed rates 
(See Schedule TX1, Column 5, Lines 3 and 4, respectively) 
$ 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Federal Electric 
State Electric 
Deferred 
Deferred 
Income Tax 
Income Tax 
Per Books 
Per Books 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(7,177) 
$ 
655 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper TX4. 
$ 
Federal Electric 
State Electric 
Total Electric 
Total Electric 
Deferred Tax 
Deferred Tax 
Deferred Tax 
Deferred 
Adjusbnent 
Adjustment 
Adjusbnent 
Income Tax 
Pro Forma at 
Pro Forma at 
Pro Forma at 
Per Books 
Present Rates 
Present Rates 
Present Rates 
(Col. 3) 
(Col.4) 
(Col.SJ 
(Col.SJ 
(6,522) 
$ 
(4,241) 
$ 
(1,985) =$===(=6=,22=6=) 
$ 
$ 
$ 
------------
$ 
-
$ 
-
$ 
Line 
No. 
50 
51 
52 
53 
Line 
No. 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule TX6 
Pro Forma Adjustment to Investment Tax Credit (ITC) Expense 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 \, 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Total 
Electric ITC 
Pro Forma 
for the Twelve 
Pro Forma 
Electric ITC al 
Months Ended 
Adjustment at 
Present Rates 
12/31/2022 
Present Rates 
(Col.1} 
(Col. 2) 
(Col. 3) 
Total electric amortization of credit 
$ 
(3) $ 
(3) $ 
Line 
No. 
2 
Pro forma adjustment 
(See Schedule TX1, Line 5, Column 3) 
$ 
2 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper TX5. 
Line 
No. 
Long-Term Debt 
2 
Preferred Equity 
3 
Common Equity 
4 
Prepaid Pension Asset (net of OPEB liability) 
5 
Deferred Income Taxes 
6 
Post 1970 ITC 
7 
Customer Deposits 
8 
(1 J 
See AES I-CC, Schedule CC1 
(2) 
See AESI-CC, Schedule CC2 
(3) 
See AESI-RB, Schedule RB1, Column 6, Line 9 
AES Indiana 
Determination of Interest Expense for Interest Synchronization 
(Thousands of Dollars} 
Total 
Percent 
Total 
Company 
of 
Weighted 
Capitalization 
Total 
Cost 
Cost 
(Col.1) 
(Col.2) 
(Col. 3) 
(Col.4) 
$ 
2,153,036 
(1) 
49.15 % 
4.90% 
(1) 
2.41 % 
-% 
1,943,109 (2) 
44.36% 
(133,100) (2) 
(3.04)% 
382,560 (2) 
8.73% 
24 (2) 
0.00% 
35,097 (2) 
0.80% 
$ 
4,380,726 
100.00 % 
Original 
Cost 
Total Electric 
Rate Base 
(Col. 5) 
$ 
3,444,878 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Total Electric 
Synchronized 
Line 
Interest 
No. 
(Col. 6) 
(3) $ 
83,022 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
$ 
83,022 
8 
Line 
No. 
Description 
Common stock 
2 
Paid in capital (1) 
3 
Retained earnings 
4 
Capital Structure 
5 
Long-term debt 
6 
Preferred stock 
7 
Common stock 
8 
Paid in capital 
9 
Retained earnings 
10 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
11 
Treasury stock 
12 
Non-controlling interest equity 
13 
Total 
(1) Excludes capital contributions from CDPQ ($530,679). 
AES Indiana 
Imputation of Parent Company Interest 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
AES Corp. 
AESI 
Parent 
AESI Equity 
Pro Forma 
Debt Ratio 
Represented by 
\., ..... ,,._ .. ,........,,..., ... ,_ 
Equity Capital 
5) 
Parent Debt 
(Col.1) 
(Col. 2) 
(Col.3) 
$ 
324,537 
46.57% $ 
151,122 
662,428 
46.57% 
308,463 
425,466 
46.57 % 
198,120 
$ 
1,412,431 
$ 
657,705 
AES Corporation 
Capital Structure and Long-Term Debt as of December 31, 2022 
$ 
$ 
Amount 
3,925,000 
838,000 
8,000 
6,688,000 
(1,635,000) 
(1,640,000) 
(1,822,000) 
2,067,000 
8,429,000 
AES Corp 
Average 
Interest Rate 
(From Line 24, Col. 5) 
(Col.4) 
3.14% $ 
3.14% 
3.14% 
$ 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Deduction 
For Parent 
Line 
Debt 
No. 
(Col.5) 
4,750 
1 
9,695 
2 
6,227 
3 
20,672 
4 
Ratio 
46.57% 
5 
9.94% 
6 
0.09% 
7 
79.35% 
8 
(19.40)% 
9 
"UCl)l>l> 
~ g. mm 
(19.46)% 
10 
m <D en en 
-
C. -
-
s::::,::, 
0 -c..c. 
(21.62)% 
11 
-
CD - -
N >! ~ g 
24.52% 
12 
........ 
~ :!! 
"'::, 
t,> .. 
CD 5 
100.00 % 
13 
.. -· 
.. !!!. 
nm 
"',. 
.. :!: 
CD 2: 
.. -
0 l> 
., m 
.. Cl) 
.. .,.. 
0 
-a 
m "' 
Long-Term Debt Description 
14 
Senior Variable Rate Term Loan due 2024 
15 
Senior Unsecured Notes due 2025 
16 
Drawings on revolving credit facility due 2027 
17 
Senior Unsecured Notes due 2026 
18 
Senior Unsecured Notes due March 2030 
19 
Senior Unsecured Notes due April 2031 
20 
Total -AES Corporation Long-Term Debt 
21 
Average Net Cost 
AES Indiana 
Imputation of Parent Company Interest 
(Thousands of Dollars) 
Interest Rate 
5.425 % 
3.300 % 
6.050 % 
1.375 % 
3.95% 
2.45% 
Note: The Excel version of this exhibit and supporting workpapers has been filed as AES Indiana Workpaper TX?. 
$ 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
Amount 
Annual Cost 
200,000 
10,850 
14 
900,000 
29,700 
15 
325,000 
19,663 
16 
800,000 
11,000 
17 
700,000 
27,650 
18 
1,000,000 
24,500 
19 
3,925,000 
$ 
123,363 
20 
3.14% 
21 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment B) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-2S 
Schedule TXB-S-R 
Calculation of Effective Income Tax Rate 
Line 
No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
Income Taxes (1) 
Current federal-operations 
Deferred federal-operations 
ITC-credit (amortization) 
Federal Taxes 
Current stale-operations 
Deferred state-operations 
State Taxes 
Total Income taxes 
for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 
{Thousands of Dollars) 
Net operating Income before Income taxes (2) 
Less: Synchronized Interest (3) 
Adjusted Income before Income taxes 
Federal Effective Income Tax Rate (line 4 divided by line 11) 
State Effective Income Tax Rate (line 7 divided by line 11) 
Total Effective Income Tax Rate 
(1) See Exhibit AESI-OPER, Schedule TX1 
(2) See Exhibit AESI-OPER, Schedule OPING, Column 4, Line 6 
(3) See Exhibit AESI-OPER, Schedule TXB, Column 6, Line 8 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Pro Forma 
at Present Rates 
31,051 
(11,519) 
(3) 
19,529 
7,510 
(1,860) 
5,650 
25,179 
208,065 
83,022 
125,043 
15.62% 
4.52 % 
20.14 % 
Line 
No, 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
•• Ui If Bilhl:i1"1ihlidhltlilIWiITT, e11i/&HiilJHilflil~+QdliMIIIJI ,;:;i,l»llli l L•~U;l iiD,/,,. ~c,·,--,'lllili<.Jih 
AES Indiana 
Comparison of Current and Settlement Revenues 
Nov 22 - Setttement 
Line 
Current Revenue Unmitigated Nov 
Mitigated Nov 22 
Increase: 
No. 
Rote Closs 
Rote Code 
[I] 
22 Settlement 
Settlement 
Unmitigated-
Revenue[!] 
Revenue [l} 
Current 
IAI 
(Bl 
IC) 
(DI 
(E) 
(Fi 
l 
Residential Service {Rate RSJ - Codes RS. RC. RH 
RS 
$ 
656.800.000 
$ 
745.657.407 
$ 
706. I 07.213 
$ 
88.857.407 
2 
Secondary Service (Small) (Rote SSJ 
ss 
174.117.141 
157.625.523 
178.064.882 
(16.491.619) 
3 
Municipal Device {Rate MD) 
MD 
362.489 
219,814 
236.010 
(142,675) 
4 
Electric Space Conditioning-Secondary Servfce (Rote SH) 
SH 
59.181,401 
63,095,996 
64,933.331 
3,914.594 
5 
Electric Space Conditioning-Schools (Rate SE} 
SE 
1,734,468 
1,504.685 
1.734.466 
(229.7831 
6 
Water Heating-Controlled Service (Rate CB/CW) 
CB 
47.154 
74.866 
51.431 
27,712 
7 
Water Heating-Uncontrolled Service (Rate UW) 
uw 
125,346 
142.525 
137,756 
17,179 
8 
Secondary Service (Large) - (Rate SL) 
SL 
349.815.024 
342.309,976 
356,759,347 
(7.505,049) 
9 
Primary Service (Large) - (Rate PL) 
PL 
105.592.208 
109,416.748 
112,763,943 
3,824.540 
10 
Process Heating (Rate PH} 
PH 
2,708,603 
2.793,558 
2.862,205 
84,954 
11 
High load Factor (Rote HL-1) (Primary Distribution} 
Hll 
I 13,099.090 
I 11,430,648 
114,551.216 
{1,668,441) 
12 
High load Factor {Rote Hl-2) (Sub transmission) 
HL2 
16.299.464 
14,750.864 
16,166.158 
11,548,600) 
13 
High load Factor {Rate Hl-3) (Transmission) 
Hl.3 
20.134.611 
19.167.529 
20.087.229 
{967.082) 
14 
Automatic Protective Lighting (APL} 
APL 
8.808.447 
11.756.332 
9.680.241 
2.947.885 
15 
Municipal Lighting (MU) 
MUI 
$ 
8,721.553 
$ 
13.565.255 
$ 
9.376.296 
$ 
4.843.702 
16 
TOTAL SYSTEM 
s 1,517,547,000 s 1,593,511,724 s 1,593,51 l,n4 s 
75,964,n4 
[1 I From A COSS. 
[2] Col. (E) - (C) 
Nov 22-Settlement 
Line 
Current Revenue Unmifigated Nov Mitigated Nov 22 
Increase: 
No. 
Rate Class 
[I] 
22 Settlement 
Settlement 
Unmifigoted-
Revenue [1] 
Revenue [I] 
Current 
IA) 
(B) 
(C) 
(D) 
(EJ 
(F) 
l 
Residential 
656.800,000 
745,657,407 
706.107.213 
$ 
88,857.407 
2 
Small C&I 
235.568.000 
222,663,408 
245.157.877 
$ 
(12,904.592) 
3 
LorgeC&I 
607.649.000 
599,869.323 
623, I 90,098 
$ 
(7,779,677) 
4 
Lighting 
17.530.000 
25.321,587 
19,056.537 
$ 
7,791.587 
5 
TOTAL SYSTEM 
s 1,517,547,000 s 1.s93,s11.n4 s 1.593,511, n4 s 
75.964.n4 
[I] From A COSS. 
[2] Col. (El - (C) 
Increase: 
Increase: 
Mittgated [2] 
Mittgoted (%) 
(GI 
(H) 
$ 
49.307.213 
7.51% 
3.947.741 
2.27% 
(126.479) 
-34.89% 
5.751.930 
9.72% 
(1) 
0.00% 
4.277 
9.07% 
12.409 
9.90% 
6,944.322 
1.99% 
7.171.736 
6.79% 
153.602 
5.67% 
1.452.127 
1.28% 
(133,306) 
-0.82% 
(47,382) 
-0.24% 
871.793 
9.90% 
$ 
654.744 
7.51% 
s 7S.964.n4 
5.01% 
Increase: 
Increase: 
Mitigated [2] 
Mitigated (31 
(H) 
$ 
49.307.213 
7.51% 
$ 
9.589.877 
4.07% 
$ 
15.541.098 
2.56% 
$ 
1,526,537 
8.71% 
s 75,964,n4 
5.01% 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-3S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment C) 
ACE Ca ital U 
ate 
Proportion of 
Allocation of 
Nov22 
ACE Capital 
ACE Capital 
Settlement 
Update 
Update 
Revenue by 
Rate 
ass 
Reduction 
Ill 
(J) 
(K) 
44.31% 
$ 
1832,70]J 
11.17% 
$ 
(209,989) 
0.01% 
$ 
(2781 
4.07% 
$ 
(76.5751 
0.11% 
$ 
(2.0451 
0.00% 
$ 
161) 
0.01% 
$ 
(162) 
22.39% 
$ 
(420,721) 
7.08% 
$ 
(132,981) 
0.18% 
$ 
(3.375) 
7.19% 
$ 
(135.088) 
1.01% 
$ 
(19,064) 
1.26% 
$ 
(23,689) 
0.61% 
$ 
(11.416) 
0.59% 
$ 
(11.057) 
100% s (1,879.203] 
(1,879,203) 
ACE Ca ital U dole 
Proportion of 
Allocation of 
Nov22 
ACE Capital 
ACE Capital 
Settlement 
Update 
Update 
Revenue by 
Reduction 
Rate 
loss 
44.31% 
(832.701) 
15.38% 
(289,111) 
39.11% 
(734,918) 
1.20% 
(22,473) 
100% s {1,879,203) s 
{1,879,203] 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-3S 
P.ige lofl 
Final Mitigated 
Fino{ Increase 
Revenue 
($1 
Requirement 
(LI 
IM) 
$ 
705,274,511 
$ 48.474,511 
177.854,893 
3,737,752 
235.732 
(126,757) 
64.856.757 
5,675.355 
1.732.421 
(2.047) 
51.371 
4.216 
137.593 
12.247 
356.338.626 
6,523.601 
112.630.963 
7.038.755 
2.858.830 
150.227 
114,416.128 
1.317.038 
16,147.094 
(152.371) 
20,063,540 
(71.071) 
9.668,825 
860,378 
$ 
9.365.239 
$ 
643,686 
S 1,591,632.521 s 74,085,521 
Final Mitigated 
Final Increase 
Revenue 
($) 
Requirement 
705.274.511 
48,474,511 
244,868.766 
9,300.766 
622.455.180 
14,806.180 
$ 
19,034.064 
$ 
1,504.064 
$ 1,591,632,521 s 74,085.521 
Final 
Increase 
(%) 
IN) 
7.38% 
2.15% 
-34.97% 
9.59% 
-0.12% 
8.94% 
9.77% 
1.86% 
6.67% 
5.55% 
1.16% 
-0.93% 
-0.35% 
9.77% 
7.38% 
4.88% 
Final 
Increase 
(%) 
7.38% 
3.95% 
2.44% 
8.58% 
4.88% 
AES Indiana 
Demand Factors Used in Rate Adjustment Mechanisms 
From AES Witness BR Workpaper 1.0C-R 
ECR 
Current 
Proposed 
Change 
Demand Allocation Factors based on 12 CP Generation in COSS 
Residential 
Small C&I 
Large C&I - PL 
Large C&I - HL 
Large C&I - Primary 
Large C&I - SL & PH 
Large C&I - Secondary 
Large C&I - Total 
Lighting 
Total 
42.48% 
44.00% 
1.52% 
14.10% 
14.39% 
0.29% 
17 .62% 
17 .31% 
-0.31% 
25.39% 
24.06% 
-1.33% 
43.01% 
41.37% 
-1.64% 
0.41% 
0.24% 
-0.17% 
100.00% 
100.00% 
0.00% 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-45 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment D) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR 4S 
Page 1 of 1 
OSS, CAP, RTO 
Current 
Proposed 
Change 
Demand Allocation Factors based on 12 CP Generation in COSS 
Residential 
Small C&I 
Large C&I - PL 
Large C&I - HL 
Large C&I - Primary 
Large C&I - SL & PH 
Large C&I - Secondary 
Large C&I - Total 
Lighting 
Total 
42.48% 
44.00% 
1.52% 
14.10% 
14.39% 
0.29% 
17.62% 
17.31% 
-0.31% 
25.39% 
24.06% 
-1.33% 
43.01% 
41.37% 
-1.64% 
0.41% 
0.24% 
-0.17% 
100.00% 
100.00% 
0.00% 
,!ill ,&;litiillil,£1llillffi1Uillilld!llR,.ihilw.,ilodlll\lffii:ikti.DlilllllllifIIIHlii- ,,!<11d!,l,Hu,ilfa,iil--lilli,ec• - , ,.-,ahM,laiJ,,,. i,;r 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-5S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment E) 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Revenue Percentages 
Cause No. 45911 
Test Year Ended December 31. 2022 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-5S 
Page 1 ofl 
TDSIC AllocaHon Factors 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
Total Revenue 
Class Revenue 
Class Revenue 
Rate Class 
Rate Code(s) 
Requirement 
Percent 
Allocation• 
Percent 
Allocation -
Percent 
Transmission 
Distribution 
Residential 
RS. RC. RH 
$ 
705,274,511 
44.31% $ 
38,177.210 
40.06% $ 
140,721.772 
59.42% 
SmallC&I 
SS. SH, SE. CB, UW 
244,868,766 
15.38% 
15,527,378 
1629% 
36,367,900 
15.36% 
Large C&I - Secondary 
SL. PH 
359,197,456 
22.57% 
24,187,764 
25.38% 
37,029,530 
15.63% 
Large C&I - Primary 
PL. HL 
263,257,724 
16.54% 
17,246,697 
18.10% 
21,887,872 
924% 
Lighting 
APL MUI 
$ 
19,034,064 
1.20% $ 
168,762 
0.18% $ 
832,234 
0.35% 
TOTAL SYSTEM 
i 
1.591.632,521 
100.00% i 
95,307,810 
100.00% i 
236.839 ,308 
100.00% 
Rate Code Allocations 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
Total Revenue 
Class Revenue 
Class Revenue 
Rate Class 
Rate Code 
Percent 
Allocation -
Percent 
Allocation -
Percent 
Requirement 
Transmission 
Distribution 
Residential Service [Rate RS) • Codes RS, RC. RH 
RS 
$ 
705,274,511 
44.31% $ 
38,177,210 
40.06% $ 
140,721,772 
59.42% 
Secondary Service (Small) [Rate SS) 
ss 
177,854,893 
11.17% 
10,948.401 
11.49% $ 
26,424,678 
11.16% 
Municipal Device (Rate MD) 
MD 
235,732 
0.01% 
5,218 
0.01% $ 
97,289 
0.04% 
Electric Space Conditioning-Secondary Service (Rate SH) 
SH 
64,856,757 
4.07% 
4,451.532 
4.67% $ 
9,578,626 
4.04% 
Electric Space Conditioning-Schools (Rate SE) 
SE 
1,732.421 
0.11% 
114,410 
0.12% $ 
228,842 
0.10% 
Water Heating-Controlled Service (Rate CB/CW) 
CB 
51,371 
0.00% 
1,514 
0.00% $ 
11,293 
0.00% 
Water Heating-Uncontrolled Service (Rate UW} 
uw 
137,593 
0.01% 
6,301 
0.01% $ 
27,172 
0.01% 
Secondary Service (Large) - [Rate SL) 
SL 
356,338,626 
22.39% 
24,017,483 
25.20% $ 
36,542,159 
15.43% 
Primary Service [Large) - (Rate PL) 
PL 
112,630,963 
7.08% 
7,603.824 
7.98% $ 
11,239,522 
4.75% 
Process Heating (Rate PH) 
PH 
2,858,830 
0.18% 
170,281 
0.18% $ 
487,372 
0.21% 
High Load Factor (Rate HL-1) (Primary Distribution) 
HU 
114,416,128 
7.19% 
7,203,881 
7.56% $ 
10,648,351 
4.50% 
High Load Factor (Rate HL-2) [Sub transmission) 
HL2 
16,147,094 
1.01% 
1,098,506 
1.15% $ 
0.00% 
High Load Factor (Rate HL-3) {Transmission) 
HL3 
20,063,540 
1.26% 
1,340,486 
1.41% $ 
0.00% 
Automatic Protective Lighting - APL 
APL 
9,668,825 
0.61% 
103,490 
0.11% $ 
502,207 
0.21% 
Municipal Lighting MU-1 
MUI 
$ 
9,365,239 
0.59% $ 
65,272 
0.07% $ 
330,027 
0.14% 
TOTAL SYSTEM 
i 
1,591,632,521 
100.00% i 
95,307,810 
100.00% i 
236,839,308 
100.00% 
Line No. 
2 
3 
4 
5 
line No. 
2 
3 
4 
Line No. 
2 
3 
4 
UneNo. 
2 
AES Indiana 
Rate Design Summary 
Test Year Ended December 31, 2022 
(A) 
(BJ 
__ 
.....;f,.;.C.:...) -------'-'(D:..:.l __ 
_ 
Pro Fonna Current Rote 
wfth IDSIC ECCR DSM 
Settlement Proposed 
CAP RTO and Fuel 
Rafe$ 
(Bose Fuel and FCA) 
Billedkwh 
FirstSOOkWh 
$ 
0.118254 
$ 
0.125421 
OverSOOlcWh 
$ 
0.10278'1 
$ 
0.113822 
Over 1.000 
$ 
0.090375 
$ 
0.101408 
Resld {CR/CW) 
$ 
0.066987 
$ 
0.076943 
Customer Charge 
0 to 325 kWh 
$ 
12.31 
$ 
12.50 
Over 325 kWh 
$ 
16J5 
$ 
17.00 
Resid (CR/CW) 
$ 
18.22 
$ 
20.00 
{A) 
(BJ 
IC) 
(DI 
Pro Forma Current Rate 
wtth IDS.IC ECCR DSM 
Settlement Proposed 
CAP RTO and Fuel 
~ 
(Base Fuel and FCA} 
Billed kwh 
Rrst 5,000 kWh 
$ 
0.120258 
$ 
0.122952 
Over 5.000 kWh 
$ 
0.105778 
$ 
0.108472 
Customer Charge 
Oto5.000kWh 
$ 
39.40 
$ 
40.00 
Over 5,000 kWh 
$ 
54.18 
$ 
55.00 
(Al 
(Bl 
IC) 
(DJ 
Pro Forma Current Rate 
with TOSIC ECCR DSM 
Settlement Proposed 
CAP RTO and Fuel 
Rates 
(Base Fuel and FCA) 
BIiied kwh 
F1tst 5,000 kWh 
$ 
0.120258 
$ 
O.OBl735 
Over 5.000 kWh 
$ 
0.105778 
$ 
0.081735 
Customer Charge 
O to 5.000 kWh 
$ 
39.40 
$ 
25.00 
Over 5.000 kWh 
$ 
54.18 
$ 
25.00 
(A) 
(8) 
{C) 
(DJ 
Pro Forma Current Rate 
~ 
with TDSIC fCCR DSM 
Settlement Proposed 
CAP RTO and Fuel 
!9tu 
(Bas& Fuel and FCA) 
Billed kwh 
Ali kWh 
0.112103 
$ 
0.123516 
Customer Charge 
All Customers 
54.18 
$ 
55.00 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment F) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
Page 1 of 13 
Line No. 
2 
3 
Line No. 
2 
Line No. 
2 
AES Indiana 
Rate Design Summary 
Test Year Ended Deeember31. 2022 
(A) 
(B) 
_____ 
{C-'") ______ 
... (D~)'----
Pro forma current Rate 
~ 
with TOSIC ECCR DSM 
Settlement Proposed 
CAP RTO and Fuel 
Rates 
(Base Fuel and FCA) 
Billedkwh 
Fll'St S.000 kWh 
$ 
0.133466 
$ 
0.1189B6 
$ 
0.1052'14 
$ 
0.133318 
0.118838 
0.105146 
over 5.ooo kWh 
$ 
Excess of 155 x Cor $ 
Customer Charge 
All Customers 
54.18 
$ 
55.00 
!Cl 
{D) 
Pro Formo Current Rate 
with TOSIC ECCR DSM 
Settfement Proposed 
CAP RTO and Fuel 
Rates 
(Base Fuel and FCA) 
Siled kwh 
Al kWh 
$ 
0.081263 
$ 
O.OS947l 
Customer Charge 
Aft customers 
$ 
36,45 $ 
40.00 
(A) 
(Bl 
!Cl 
(D) 
Pro Formo CUrrenf Rate 
Rcle CB 
with TOSIC ECCR, DSM, 
Seffiement Proposed 
CAP RTO and Fuel 
~ 
{Base Fuel gnd FCA} 
Billed kwh 
Al kWh 
$ 
0.070773 $ 
0.076943 
Customer Charge 
All Customers 
$ 
18.22 $ 
20.00 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment F) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
Page 2 of 13 
Une No. 
3 
line No. 
3 
line No. 
2 
3 
AES Indiana 
Rate Design Summary 
Test Year Ended December 31, 2022 
(AJ 
(BJ 
---~(C~J ______ 
~(D~J __ 
_ 
Pro Forma Current Rate 
wffh TOSIC ECCR DSM 
SettJement Proposed 
CAP RTO and Fuel 
Rates 
(Bcse Fuel and FCA} 
Bllled kwh 
All kWh 
0.048879 
0.041430 
Billed kW 
All kW 
21.10 
$ 
24.74 
Customer Charge 
All Customers 
118.20 
$ 
120.00 
IC) 
{DJ 
Pro Forma Current Rcrte 
with TOSIC ECCR DSM 
Settlement Proposed 
CAP RTO and Fuel 
Rotes 
{Base Fuel and FCA) 
Billed kwh 
All kWh 
0.047118 
0.040836 
Billed kW 
All kW 
2288 
$ 
28.30 
Customer Charge 
All Customers 
$ 
11820 
$ 
130.00 
(CJ 
(DJ 
Pro Forma Current Rate 
with TOSIC ECC R DSM 
Settlement Proeosed 
CAP RTO ond Fuel 
RafM 
(Base Fuel and FCA} 
Billed kwh 
First 250 Hrs use 
$ 
0.091886 
0.097390 
Additfonal kWh 
$ 
0.077110 
0.082614 
Customer Charge 
All Customers 
1,231.26 
$ 
1,250.00 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-GS 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment F) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
Page 3 of 13 
Line No. 
2 
3 
Line No. 
2 
3 
line No. 
2 
3 
AES Indiana 
Rate Design Summary 
Test Year Ended December 31. 2022 
(A) 
(Bl 
___ 
.._IC;;..:l ______ _,(D--')'----
Pro Forms current Rate 
with TOSIC ECCR DSM 
Settlement Proposed 
CAP RTO and Fuel 
~ 
(Base Fuel and FCA} 
Billedkwh 
All kWh 
$ 
0.046765 $ 
0.040606 
Billed kW 
All kW 
22.88 $ 
27.95 
Customer Charge 
All Customers 
132.98 $ 
130.00 
(A) 
(B) 
(C) 
(D) 
Pro forma Current Rate 
Rote Hl2 
with TOSIC ECCR DSM 
Settlement Proposed 
CAP RTO and Fuel 
Rates 
(Base Fuel and FCA} 
Bllledkwh 
AH kWh 
0.046588 $ 
0.040410 
BIiied kW 
All kW 
22.15 $ 
25.00 
Customer Charge 
All Customers 
211.7B $ 
215.00 
(A) 
(B) 
(C) 
(D) 
Pro Forma CI.Rrent Rate 
~ 
with TOSIC ECCR DSM 
Settlement Proposed 
Foctor 
CAP RTO and Fuel 
~ 
(Base Fuel gnd FCA} 
Bftledkwh 
AH kWh 
0.046165 
$ 
0.039873 
BnledkW 
All kW 
$ 
21.30 $ 
24.09 
Customer Charge 
All Customers 
$ 
492.51 
$ 
500.00 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment F) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
Page4of13 
AES Indiana 
Rate Design Summary 
Test Year Ended December 31. 2022. 
{A) 
{BJ 
___ 
.:..:{C;.:_l _____ 
_,_{D::,I __ 
_ 
Pro Forma Curre-nt Rate 
Line No. 
HL4 
with JOSIC ECCR DSM 
Scffiemenf Proposed 
CAP RTO and Fuel 
Rates 
(Base Fuel and FCA) 
Blledkwh 
AU kWh 
0.058350 $ 
0.060210 
BlledkW 
All kW 
$ 
14.59 
$ 
15.06 
Customer Chorge 
3 
All Customers 
492.51 
$ 
508.21 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case • 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment F) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
Page 5 of 13 
AES Indiana 
Lighting Rate Design 
Inventory 
Code 
Description 
(Light 
Count 
(A) 
(B) 
(CJ 
APL 
Company Installed, Owned, and Maintained (APL) 
68 175 WATT LIGHT 
9.251 
69 400 WATT MV REDDY SENT. 
1,245 
70 1000 WATT MV REDDY SENT. 
75 
71 100 WATT LIGHT 
6,316 
72 150 WATT HPS REDDY SENT. 
975 
73 250 WATT HPS REDDY SENT. 
1,027 
74 400 WATT HPS REDDY SENT. 
l.115 
78 175 WATT MV-SEC. METERED-OVERHEAD 
68 
79 400 WA TT MV - SEC. METERED OVERHEAD 
16 
80 1000 WATT MV- SEC. METERED- OVERHEAD 
1 
81 lOOWATT HPS-SEC. METERED-OVERHEAD 
19· 
82 150 WATT HPS-SEC. METERED- OVERHEAD 
83 250 WATT HPS-SEC. METERED-OVERHEAD 
2 
84 400 WATT HPS - SEC. METERED - OVERHEAD 
12 
85 ENERGY AND CONTROL ONLY 
86 400 WATT MV FLOOD - OVERHEAD 
495 
87 150 WATT HPS FLOOD - OVERHEAD 
490 
88 250 WATT HPS FLOOD - OVERHEAD 
707 
89 400 WATT HPS FLOOD - OVERHEAD 
5,792 
90 400 WATT METAL HALIDE FLOOD - OVERHEAD 
1,044 
91 400 WATT MV FLOOD-SEC. METERED 
6 
92 150 WATT HPS FLOOD - SEC. METERED 
1 
93 250 WATT HPS FLOOD - SEC. METERED 
6 
94 400 WATT HPS FLOOD -SEC. METERED 
36 
95 400 WATT METAL HALIDE FLOOD-SEC. METERED 
2 
96 - WOOD POLE WITH OVERHEAD FEED -
7,555 
97 - WOOD POLE WITH UNDERGROUND FEED -
815 
126 1000 WATT MV- 1ST FlXTURE 
0 
127 400 WATT MV-lST FIXTURE 
13 
128 175 WATT MV-lST FIXTURE 
3 
129 400 WATT HPS-lST FIXTURE 
133 
130 250 WATT HPS-lST FIXTURE 
202 
131 150 WATT HPS-lST FIXTURE 
182 
132 100 WATT HPS-lSTFIXTURE 
32 
135 400 WATT HPS-1 ST FIXTURE-SHOEBOX 
91 
136 250 WATT HPS-lST FIXTURE-SHOEBOX 
103 
137 400 WATT METAL HALIDE-lST FIX-SHOEBOX 
370 
138 400 WATT MV-lST FIXTURE-FLOOD 
3 
139 150 WATT HPS-lST FIXTURE-FLOOD 
12 
140 250 WATT HPS-lST FIXTURE-FLOOD 
63 
141 400 WATT HPS-lST FIXTURE-FLOOD 
237 
142 400 WATT METAL HALIDE-lST FIX-FLOOD 
89 
Proposed Annual 
Rate 
(F) 
$119.40 
$228.96 
$416.28 
$102.60 
$213.24 
$285.72 
·$336.60 
$79.20 
$153.48 
$237.84 
$82.08 
$187.56 
$237.12 
$261.48 
$46.32 
$229.20 
$213.84 
$285.84 
$336.54 
$335.40 
$153.48 
$187.56 
$237.12 
$261.48 
$261.48 
$53.40 
$131.88 
$52.08 
$327.36 
$256.92 
$464.64 
$312.12 
$265.20 
$241.32 
$390.00 
$314.04 
$388.68 
$327.36 
$265.20 
$312.12 
$464.64 
$388.68 
Proposed 
Revenue 
(G) 
$1. 104.569 
$285,055 
$31,221 
$648,022 
$207,909 
$293,434 
$375,309 
$5,386 
$2,456 
$238 
$1,560 
$188 
$474 
$3,138 
$46 
$113,454 
$104,782 
$202,089 
$1.949,240 
$350,158 
$921 
$188 
$1.423 
$9.413 
$523 
$403.437 
$107,482 
$0 
$4,256 
$771 
$61,797 
$63,048 
$48,266 
$7,722 
$35.490 
$32,346 
$143,812 
$982 
$3.182 
$19,664 
$110,120 
$34,593 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment F) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
Page 6 of 13 
lll11l111Jli111llJ.j 
I el 
AES Indiana 
Lighting Rate Design 
143 1000 WATT MV-ADDITIONAL FIXTURE 
144 400 WATT MV-ADDIT'L FIXTURE 
145 175 WATT MV-ADDIT'L FIXTURE 
146 400 WATT HPS-ADDITL FIXTURE 
147 250 WATT HPS-ADDITL FIXTURE 
148 150 WATT HPS-ADDITL FIXTURE 
149 100 WATT HPS-ADDITL FIXTURE 
152 400 WATT HPS-ADDITL FIXTURE-SHOEBOX 
153 250 WATT HPS-ADDITL FIXTURE-SHOEBOX 
154 400 WATT METAL HALIDE-ADDTL FIX-SHOEBOX 
155 400 WATT MV-ADDITL FIXTURE-FLOOD 
156 150 WATT HPS-ADDITL FIXTURE-FLOOD 
157 250 WATT HPS-ADDITL FIXTURE-FLOOD 
158 400 WATT HPS-ADDITL FIXTURE-FLOOD 
159 400 WATT METAL HALIDE-ADDTL FIX-FLOOD 
160 175 W MV POST TOP WASH 
161 175 W MV POSTTOP 
162 l 00 W HPS POST TOP WASH 
163 l 00 W HPS POST TOP 
l 64 150 W HPS POST TOP WASH 
165 150 W HPS POSTTOP BALL 
180 250 WATT MET HAL 18 FT DIR EMBEDDED 
181 250 WA TT MET HAL 12 FT ANCHOR BASED 
182 2-250 WA TT MET HAL 18 FT DIR EMBEDDED 
183 2-250 WA TT MET HAL 12 FT ANCHOR BASED 
188 250 WA TT MET HAL 18 FT DIR EMBED PRI METER 
189 250 WA TT MET HAL 12 FT ANCHOR BASE PRI METER 
190 2-250 WATT MET HAL 18 FT DIR EMBED PRI METER 
19 l 2-250 WATT MET HAL 12 FT ANCHOR BASE PRI METER 
271 100 WATT LIGHT 
272 150 WATT HPS REDDY SENT. 
273 250 WATT HPS REDDY SENT. 
27 4 400 WATT HPS REDDY SENT. 
287 150 WATT HPS FLOOD - OVERHEAD 
288 250 WATT HPS FLOOD- OVERHEAD 
289 400 WATT HPS FLOOD - OVERHEAD 
296 - WOOD POLE WITH OVERHEAD FEED -
297 - WOOD POLE WITH UNDERGROUND FEED -
300 LED COBRA HEAD 5000-6000 LUMENS 
301 LED COBRA HEAD 6500-7500 LUMENS 
302 LED COBRA HEAD 12500-13500 LUMENS 
303 LED COBRA HEAD 20000-21500 LUMENS 
304 LED AREA LIGHT l 1500-16500 LUMENS 
305 LED AREA LIGHT 21000-26000 LU MENS 
306 LED TRAD. POST TOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
307 LED TWIN WASH POST TOP 2@ 6000-7500-LT 
308 LED WASH POST TOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
313 LED FLOOD 11,500 - l 6,500 LUMENS 
314 LED FLOOD 21,000 - 26,000 LUMENS 
328 12' FG TRAD COL PAIRED W/LT 
329 400 WATT HPS-lST FIXTURE 
330 250 WATT HPS-lST FIXTURE 
0 
$52.08 
l 
$228.96 
2 
$119.40 
49 
$336.60 
16 
$285.72 
14 
$213.24 
3 
$102.60 
16 
$155.52 
9 
$118.08 
110 
$154.08 
2 
$228.96 
9 
$213.24 
55 
$285.72 
259 
$336.60 
185 
$154.08 
40 
$384.00 
29 
$250.32 
57 
$370.56 
407 
$240.36 
114 
$427.68 
60 
$297.48 
3 
$701.40 
ll 
$768.12 
7 
$978.60 
0 
$1,044.96 
0 
$638.88 
0 
$705.36 
0 
$861.00 
0 
$927.72 
2,028 
$203.40 
162 
$232.92 
327 
$281.64 
221 
$345.60 
71 
$239.52 
123 
$286.92 
1,625 
$349.68 
1,449 
$91.32 
92 
$115.56 
745 
$219.84 
85 
$226.08 
81 
$278.52 
208 
$324.96 
0 
$304.92 
55 
$342.00 
5 
$276.48 
0 
$683.88 
0 
$373.08 
48 
$297.96 
1,216 
$332.28 
2 
$84.60 
17 
$480.24 
25 
$416.40 
$0 
$229 
$239 
$16,493 
$4,572 
$2,985 
$308 
$2,488 
$1.063 
$16,949 
$458 
$1.919 
$15.715 
$87,179 
$28,505 
$15,360 
$7,259 
$21.122 
$97,827 
$48.756 
$17,849 
$2,104 
$8,449 
$6,850 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$412,495 
$37,733 
$92.096 
$76,378 
$17,006 
$35,291 
$568,230 
$132,323 
$10,632 
$163,781 
$19,217 
$22,560 
$67,592 
$0 
$18,810 
$1,382 
$0 
$0 
$14,302 
$404,052 
$169 
$8,164 
$10,410 
Ii 
I 
111 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-GS 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment F) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
Page 7 of 13 
AES Indiana 
Lighting Rate Design 
331 150 WATT HPS--lST FIXTURE 
332 l 00 WA TT HPS-1 STFIXTURE 
333 400 WATT HPS- 1ST FIXTURE PAINTED BRONZ 
334 250 WATT HPS- 1ST FIXTURE PAINTED BRONZ 
335 400 WA TT HPS--1 ST FIXTURE-SHOEBOX 
336 250 WATT HPS--lST FIXTURE-SHOEBOX 
337 12' FG FLUTED COL CUST BASE P NRED W /LT 
339 150WATTHPS-1STFIXTURE-FLOOD 
340 250 WA TT HPS--1 ST FIXTURE-FLOOD 
341 400 WATT HPS-lST FIXTURE-FLOOD 
342 14' AL FLUTED COL CUST BASE PAIRED W/LT 
343 14 FG FLUTED COL DIRECT BURY PAIRED W/LT 
344 14 FG SMOOTH COL DIRECT BURY PAIRED W /LT 
346 400 WATT HPS--ADDITL FIXTURE 
347 250 WATT HPS--ADDITL FIXTURE 
348 150 WATT HPS-AODITL FIXTURE 
349 100 WATT HPS--ADDITL FIXTURE 
350 400 WATT HPS-ADDITIONAL FIXTURE-PAINTED 
351 250 WATT HPS -ADDITIONAL FIXTURE-PAINTED 
352 400 WATT HPS-ADDITL FIXTURE-SHOEBOX 
353 250 WATT HPS-ADDITL FIXTURE-SHOEBOX 
354 AL COL W/BASE PAIRED W/LT 
355 AL COL ON CUST OWNED BASE PAIRED W/LT 
356 150 WATT HPS--ADDITL FIXTURE-FLOOD 
357 250 WATT HPS--ADDITL FIXTURE-FLOOD 
358 400 WATT HPS--ADDITL FIXTURE-FLOOD 
362 100 W HPS POST TOP WASH 
363 l 00 W HPS POST TOP 
364 150 W HPS POST TOP WASH 
365 150 W HPS POST TOP BALL 
369 AL COL BZ W/BASE PNRED WILT 
370 AL COL BZ ON CUST BASE PAIRED W/LT 
378 FG COL DIRECT BURY PAIRED W/LT 
380 250 WATT MET HAL 18 FT DIR EMBEDDED 
381 250 WATT MET HAL 12 FT ANCHOR BASED 
382 2-250 WATT MET HAL 18 FT DIR EMBEDDED 
383 2-250 WA TT MET HAL 12 FT ANCHOR BASED 
388 250 WATT MH 18 FT DIR EMBED PRI METER 
389 250 WATT MH 12 FT ANCHOR BASE PRI METER 
390 2-250 WATT MH 18 FT DIR EMBED PRI METER 
391 2-250 WATT MH 12 FT ANCHOR BASE PRI MTR 
Total APL 
MU 
Company Installed, Owned, and Maintained (MU-1) 
l I 000 WATT MV - OVERHEAD 
2 TO00 WATT MV- TRAFFIC COLUMN 
3 TO00 WATT MV-METAL COLUMN 
4 400 WATT MV - OVERHEAD 
5 400 WATT MV - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
15 
$373.32 
0 
$339.72 
0 
$582.36 
0 
$528.00 
13 
$477.00 
10 
$412.32 
0 
$171.36 
4 
$482.04 
2 
$517.20 
79 
$561.60 
0 
$16.56 
0 
$174.00 
0 
$149.76 
35 
$354.60 
9 
$290.76 
$247.80 
0 
$218.16 
0 
$345.12 
0 
$290.76 
0 
$348.12 
0 
$283.44 
40 
$211.80 
8 
$118.08 
0 
$254.88 
2 
$302.40 
140 
$365.16 
20 
$384.00 
5 
$286.92 
28 
$407.28 
0 
$365.16 
0 
$231.00 
29 
$137.28 
74 
$126.60 
88 
$486.48 
140 
$483.72 
80 
$717.72 
13 
$714.96 
32 
$389.52 
16 
$386.76 
17 
$523.80 
9 
$521.04 
49.558 
Target 
Over (Under) Recovery 
I 
$370.92 
0 
$333.60 
3 
$516.60 
16 
$196.80 
0 
$179.16 
$5.600 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$6.201 
$4.123 
$0 
$1.928 
$1.034 
$44.366 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$12.411 
$2.617 
$248 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$8.472 
$945 
$0 
$605 
$51.122 
$7,680 
$1.435 
$11.404 
$0 
$0 
$3,981 
$9,368 
$42.810 
$67,721 
$57.418 
$9,294 
$12.465 
$6,188 
$8,905 
$4,689 
$9,668.492 
$9,668,794 
($303) 
$371 
$0 
$1.550 
$3,149 
$0 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment F) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
Page 8 of 13 
bl1,L,slo11111LlUu,Jlil lllblllliJliLllllH : I 
AES Indiana 
Lighting Rate Design 
6 400 WATT MV- METAL COLUMN 
7 175WATTMV-OVERHEAD 
8 175 WATT MV- TRAFFIC COLUMN 
9 175WATTMV-METALCOLUMN 
10 175 W MV- POSTTOP 
11 175 W MV- POSTTOP WASH 
12 400 WA TT HPS - OVERHEAD 
13 400 WATT HPS - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
14 400 WATT HPS-METAL COLUMN 
15 250 WATT HPS - OVERHEAD 
16 250 WA TT HPS - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
17 250 W-A TT HPS - MET AL COLUMN 
18 150 WATT HPS- OVERHEAD 
19 150 WA TT HPS - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
20 150WATTHPS-METALCOLUMN 
21 100 WATT HPS- OVERHEAD 
22 100 WATT HPS-TRAFFIC COLUMN 
23 100 WATT HPS- METAL COLUMN 
24 100 W HPS - POST TOP 
25 100 W HPS - POST TOP WASH 
26 150 W H PS- POST TOP BALL 
27 150 W HPS - POSTTOP WASH 
28 3-150 WATT HPS-1 COLUMN CLUSTER W/BALAST 
29 3-150 WATT HPS-2 COLUMN CLUSTER N/BALAST 
30 3-150 WATT HPS-2 COLUMN CLUSTER W/BALAST 
32 1-150 & 4-100 WATT HPS- CLUSTER 
33 400 WATT HPS-METAL COLUMN-PAINTED BRONZE 
34 400 WATT HPS-TRAFFIC COLUMN-PAINT BRONZE 
35 250 WATT HPS-METAL COLUMN-PAINTED BRONZE 
37 175 WATT MV- FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
38 100 WA TT HPS - FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
39 150 WATT HPS- FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
40 250 WATT HPS - FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
41 400 WATT HPS- FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
42 400 WATT MH SHOEBOX- FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
43 2-400 WATT MH SHOEBOX-FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
44 175 WATT MV UP ASS 4100HRS- WALL MOUNTED 
45 150 WATT HPS UPASS 4100HRS-WALL MOUNTED 
46 250 W HPS - SHOEBOX 
48 2-250 W HPS-SHOEBOX 
50 400 WATT HPS UP ASS 8760HRS WALL MOUNTED 
51 150 WATT HPS UPASS 8760HRS WALL MOUNTED 
65 400 W HPS - SHOEBOX 
66 2-400 W HPS-SHOEBOX 
101 400 WATT METAL HALIDE-METAL COLUMN 
184 EXCESS MATERIAL FOR CIRCLE CENTRE MALL 
185 PEDESTRIAN LIGHT FOR CIRCLE CENTRE MALL 
187 TWIN 80W LED POST TOP 
200 LED COBRA HEAD 5000-6000 LUMENS 
201 LED COBRA HEAD 6500-7500 LUMENS 
202 LED COBRA HEAD 12500-13500 LUMENS 
203 LED COBRA HEAD 20000-21500 LUMENS 
144 
$264.96 
446 
$130.92 
0 
$121.32 
670 
$205.68 
476 
$200.52 
189 
$306.00 
240 
$227.40 
65 
$227.40 
552 
$373.08 
505 
$180.96 
36 
$180.96 
619 
$250.44 
491 
$140.04 
7 
$140.04 
472 
$211.80 
796 
$117.48 
$117.48 
517 
$192.24 
5,857 
$191.28 
1,703 
$293.88 
21 
$232.92 
3,037 
$339.84 
0 
$561.00 
0 
$561.00 
0 
$561.00 
1 
$781.56 
74 
$404.28 
8 
$232.56 
$281.64 
6 
$196.32 
103 
$182.88 
155 
$202.32 
124 
$241.20 
159 
$348.36 
103 
$319.80 
48 
$454.20 
0 
$156.60 
192 
$180.48 
10 
$252.00 
0 
$323.16 
85 
$421.92 
101 
$242.40 
43 
$314.28 
15 
$443.52 
0 
$371.88 
$6,291.12 
47 
$810.48 
53 
$791.28 
1,226 
$213.63 
462 
$219.31 
460 
$266.64 
171 
$308.63 
$38,154 
$58.390 
$0 
$137,806 
$95,448 
$57,834 
$54,576 
$14,781 
$205,940 
$91,385 
$6,515 
$155,022 
$68,760 
$980 
$99,970 
$93,514 
$117 
$99,388 
$1,120,327 
$500,478 
$4,891 
$1,032.094 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$782 
$29,917 
$1,860 
$282 
$1,178 
$18,837 
$31,360 
$29,909 
$55,389 
$32,939 
$21,802 
$0 
$34,652 
$2,520 
$0 
$35,863 
$24,482 
$13,514 
$6,653 
$0 
$6,291 
$38,093 
$41,938 
$261,905 
$101,321 
$122.654 
$52.776 
111 
.I 
II 
I II 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment F) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
Page 9 of 13 
"ii I 
, !I 
I 
Ii 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-GS 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment F) 
AES Indiana 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
lighting Rate Design 
Cause No. 45911 
204 LED AREA LIGHT l 1500-1 6500 LUMENS 
0 
$287.71 
$0 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
205 LED AREA LIGHT 21000-26000 LU MENS 
31 
$321.02 
$9,952 
Page 10 of 13 
206 LED TRAD. POST TOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
336 
$262.09 
$88,063 
207 LED TWIN WASH POST TOP 2@ 6000-7500-LT 
35 
$632.93 
$22,153 
208 LED WASH POST TOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
138 
$350.10 
$48,313 
212 400 WATT HPS-OVERHEAD 
4 
$450.72 
$1,803 
213 400 WATT HPS- TRAFFIC COLUMN 
0 
$409.32 
$0 
214 400 WATT HPS-METAL COLUMN 
32 
$577.92 
$18,493 
215 250 WATT HPS - OVERHEAD 
25 
$388.20 
$9,705 
216 250 WATT HPS-TRAFFIC COLUMN 
0 
$346.68 
$0 
217 250 WATT HPS- METAL COLUMN 
42 
$515.40 
$21,647 
218150WATTHPS-OVERHEAD 
12 
$346.08 
$4,153 
219 150 WATT HPS-TRAFFIC COLUMN 
0 
$304.68 
$0 
220 150 WATT HPS- METAL COLUMN 
$473.28 
$473 
221 100 WATT HPS- OVERHEAD 
27 
$316.92 
$8,557 
222 100 WATT HPS - TRAFFIC COLUMN 
0 
$275.40 
$0 
223 100 WATT HPS- METAL COLUMN 
31 
$444.00 
$13,764 
224 100 W HPS - POST TOP 
211 
$304.20 
$64,186 
225 100 W HPS - POST TOP WASH 
117 
$405.36 
$47,427 
226 150 W HPS- POSTTOP BALL 
0 
$384.24 
$0 
227 150 W HPS - POSTTOP WASH 
247 
$428.04 
$105,726 
228 12' FG TRAD COL PAIRED W/LT 
336 
$88.08 
$29,595 
232 1-150 & 4-100 WATT HPS- CLUSTER 
0 
$960.12 
$0 
233 400 WATT HPS-METAL COLUMN-PAINTED BRONZE 
0 
$603.60 
$0 
234 400 WATT HPS-TRAFFIC COLUMN-PAINT BRONZE 
0 
$347.04 
$0 
235 250 WATT HPS-METAL COLUMN-PAINTED BRONZE 
0 
$550.92 
$0 
236 250 WATT HPS-TRAFFIC COLUMN-PAINT BRONZE 
0 
$284.52 
$0 
237 12' FG FLUTED COL CUST BASE PAIRED W/LT 
0 
$178.32 
$0 
238 l 00 WATT HPS - FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
2 
$359.04 
$718 
239 150 WATT HPS - FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
13 
$392.64 
$5,104 
240 250 WATT HPS- FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
0 
$434.76 
$0 
241 400 WA TT HPS - FIBERGLASS COLUMN 
1 
$497.28 
$497 
242 14' AL FLUTED COL CUST BASE PAIRED W/LT 
52 
$206.40 
$10,733 
243 14 FG FLUTED COL DIRECT BURY PAIRED W/LT 
14 
$181.20 
$2,537 
244 14 FG SMOOTH COL DIRECT BURY PAIRED W /LT 
88 
$155.76 
$13,707 
245 150 WATT HPS UP ASS 4100HRS-WALL MOUNTED 
0 
$285.00 
$0 
246 250 W HPS - SHOEBOX 
0 
$430.56 
$0 
248 2-250 W HPS-SHOEBOX 
0 
$493.20 
$0 
250 400 WATT HPS UP ASS 8760HRS WALL MOUNTED 
0 
$538.68 
$0 
251 150 WATT HPS UPASS 8760HRS WALL MOUNTED 
0 
$330.12 
$0 
254 AL COL W/BASE PAIRED WILT 
122 
$220.56 
$26,908 
255 AL COL ON CUST OWNED BASE PAIRED W/LT 
$122.88 
$123 
265 400 W HPS - SHOEBOX 
1 
$493.92 
$494 
266 2-400 W HPS-SHOEBOX 
0 
$709.44 
$0 
269 AL COL BZ W /BASE PAIRED W /LT 
0 
$240.48 
$0 
270 AL COL BZ ON CUST BASE PAIRED W/LT 
0 
$142.92 
$0 
278 FG COL DIRECT BURY PAIRED W /LT 
104 
$131.88 
$13,716 
385 PEDESTRIAN LIGHT FOR CIRCLE CENTRE MALL 
0 
$460.68 
$0 
386 80W LED POST TOP 
0 
$682.44 
$0 
396 WO POLE W/OH FEED-W/OR W/O LT 
923 
$94.80 
$87,500 
397 WO POLE W JUG FEED-PAIRED W /LT 
109 
$120.12 
$13,093 
AES Indiana 
Lighting Rate Design 
Streetlighting with CIAC - City of Indianapolis 
400 LED COBRA HEAD 5000-6000 LUMENS 
13,346 
401 LED COBRA HEAD 6500-7500 LUMENS 
1.847 
402 LED COBRA HEAD 12500-13500 LUMENS 
6,422 
403 LED COBRA HEAD 20000-21500 LUMENS 
3,854 
404 LED AREA LIGHT 11500-16500 LUMENS 
3 
405 LED AREA LIGHT 21000-26000 LUM ENS 
6 
406 LED TRAD. POST TOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
0 
407 LED TWIN WASH POST TOP 2@ 6000-7500 L 
0 
408 LED WASH POST TOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
0 
409 LED COBRA 12500-13500 L-OH FROM 215 
12 
410 LED COBRA 12500-13500L-METAL COL FRM 217 
2 
411 LED COBRA 6500-7500 L-OH FROM 218 
12 
412 LED COBRA5000-6000 L-OH FROM 221 
72 
Streetlighting with CIAC - Non-City of Indianapolis 
400 LED COBRA HEAD 5000-6000 LUMENS 
1,287 
401 LED COBRA HEAD 6500-7500 LUMENS 
273 
402 LED COBRA HEAD 12500-13500 LUMENS 
563 
403 LED COBRA HEAD 20000-21500 LUMENS 
121 
404 LED AREA LIGHT 11500-16500 LUMENS 
30 
405 LED AREA LIGHT 21000-26000 LUMENS 
0 
406 LED TRAD. POST TOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
40 
407 LED TWIN WASH POST TOP 2@ 6000-7500 L 
0 
408 LED WASH POST TOP 6000-7500 LUMENS 
162 
409 LED COBRA 12500-13500 L-OH FROM 215 
0 
410 LED COBRA 12500-13500L-METAL COL FRM 217 
0 
411 LED COBRA 6500-7500 L-OH FROM 218 
0 
412 LED COBRA 5000-6000 L-OH FROM 221 
0 
Customer lnstaUed, Owned, and Maintained (MU-1) 
55 250 WATT MV - CUSTOMER OWNED 
2 
56 175 WATT MY-CUSTOMER OWNED 
26 
59 400 WA TT HPS - CUSTOMER OWNED 
477 
60 250 WA TT HPS - CUSTOMER OWNED 
270 
61 150 WATT HPS-CUSTOMER OWNED 
253 
63 1000 WATT HPS-CUSTOMER OWNED 
276 
64 175 WATT MV ORNIMENTAL - CUSTOMER OWNED 
2 
109 400 WATT HPS-CUSTOMER OWNED WO/MAINT 
56 
111 150 WATT HPS - CUSTOMER OWNED WO/MAINT 
0 
112 1000 WATT HPS-CUSTOMER OWNED WO/MAINT 
0 
Customer Installed, Owned, but Company Maintained (MU-1) 
120 400 WATT HPS - CUSTOMER OWNED W /MAINT 
13 
Total MU-1 
52,994 
Code 
Description 
Inventory 
$91.68 
$95.64 
$112.09 
$131.51 
$111.74 
$135.06 
$99.94 
$116.11 
$96.40 
$218.17 
$344.65 
$201.60 
$197.76 
$106.68 
$110.64 
$127.09 
$146.51 
$126.74 
$150.06 
$114.94 
$131.11 
$111.40 
$233.17 
$359.65 
$216.60 
$212.76 
$166.68 
$105.60 
$168.24 
$130.68 
$97.56 
$354.12 
$156.96 
$147.72 
$77.28 
$297.72 
$168.24 
Proposed Price 
Per Watt 
r:,J 
$1,223.506 
$176,647 
$719.836 
$506,837 
$335 
$810 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$2.618 
$689 
$2.419 
$14.238 
$137,292 
$30,205 
$71.551 
$17,728 
$3,802 
$0 
$4.598 
$0 
$18.046 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$0 
$333 
$2,746 
$80,250 
$35.284 
$24,683 
$97,737 
$314 
$8.272 
$0 
$0 
$2,187 
$8,760,460 
Proposed 
Revenue 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case.-
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment F) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
Page 11 of13 
AES Indiana 
Lighting Rate Design 
Customer Installed, Owned, and Maintained {MU-4) 
Code 
Total MU-4 
1,312 $ 
0.78 ===$6;,;0;.,;4;.;.4.;.65;. 
MU-4 Watts ==n===4 . ..,9,..56= 
Total MU ===5=4=,3=0=6=========$=9=,3;,;6.,.4..,,925=== 
Target 
Over (Under) Recovery 
Grand Total Lighting (APL and MU) ===103===,8=64= 
Description 
Minimum 
Minimum Per 
Wattage 
Fixture or Device 
Customer Installed, Owned, and Maintained (MU-4) 
MU-4 Rate Calculalion=====6=0=$=====4=6=.8=0= 
$9,365.209 
($284) 
$19,033,417 
jj, 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachment F) 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
Page 12 of 13 
Line 
No. 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
78 
19 
AES Indiana 
Proposed Rates - Residential Bill Impacts - RS Customers 
Test year Ending December 31, 2022 
Proposed Rates 
Including Fuel 
Including Fuel & DSM 
Energy Charge 
Pro Forma 
Pro Forma 
Current 
Proposed 
Current 
Proposed 
Rate 
Rate 
Rate (71 
_R~a=t=e~(~71~-----
First 500 kWh 
$ 0.118254 
$ 0.125421 
$ 0.120988 
$ 0.128155 
Over 500 kWh 
500 $ 0.102789 
$ 0.113822 
$ 0.105523 
$ 0.116556 
[7] Includes riders rolled into base rates (TOSIC, ECCR, DSM, CAP, RTO and FAC) 
Customer Charge 
Oto 325 kWh 
Over 325 kWh 
$ 
325 $ 
12.31 
$ 
16.75 
$ 
12.50 
$ 
17.00 
$ 
12.31 
$ 
76.75 
$ 
12.50 
17.00 
DSM Charge ($/kWh) 
Bm Impacts for RS Customers 
%of 
Monthly kWh 
Customers 
(A) 
(B) 
100 
4.63% 
200 
4.36% 
400 
15.29% 
600 
20.59% 
800 
18.66% 
1,000 
13.29% 
1,200 
8.69% 
1,500 
7.23% 
1,800 
3.45% 
2,000 
1.30% 
2,400 
1.30% 
2,700 
0.46% 
3,000 
0.28% 
4,000 
0.32% 
5,000 
0.08% 
7,000 
0.05% 
>7,000 
0.03% 
Average 
---------
$ 0.002734 
Including Fuel & DSM 
Monthly Margin or Base 
Rate 
PIO ro1rr1a 
Present 
Proposed 
Rates 
Rates 
(C) 
(D) 
$ 
24.41 
$ 
25.32 
36.51 
38.13 
65.15 
68.26 
87.79 
92.74 
108.90 
116.05 
130.00 
139.36 
151.11 
162.67 
182.76 
197.64 
214.42 
232.60 
235.52 
255.91 
277.73 
302.54 
309.39 
337.50 
341.05 
372.47 
446.57 
489.03 
552.09 
605.58 
763.14 
838.69 
Increase I <Decrease> 
Amount 
Percent 
(E) 
(F) 
$ 
0.91 
3.73% 
1.62 
4.44% 
3.11 
4.77% 
4.95 
5.64% 
7.15 
6.57% 
9.36 
7.20% 
11.56 
7.65% 
14.88 
8.14% 
18.18 
8.48% 
20.39 
8.66% 
24.81 
8.93% 
28.11 
9.09% 
31.42 
9.21% 
42.46 
9.51% 
53.49 
9.69% 
75.55 
9.90% 
Proposed 
a:/kWh 
(G) 
0.25320 
0.19065 
0.17065 
0.15457 
0.14506 
0.13936 
0.13556 
0.13176 
0.12922 
0.12796 
0.12606 
0.12500 
0.12416 
0.12226 
0.12112 
0.11981 
748 
103.43 
110.00 
6.57 
6.35% 
0.14703 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case~-
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-GS 
(Replacing Settlement Agreement Attachme'!i F). 
AES Indiana 2023 Basic Rates Case 
Cause No. 45911 
AES Indiana Attachment CAR-6S 
Page 13 of 13 
Excluding Fuel 
Pro Forma 
Current 
Rate [7) 
$ 0.081961 
$ 0.066496 
Proposed 
Rate 
$ 0.091702 
$ 0.079503 
Excluding Fuel 
Monthly Total Bill 
Increase I <Decrease> 
PIO FOitrl8 
Present 
Proposed 
Rates 
Rates 
Amount 
Percent 
(H) 
(I) 
(J) 
(K) 
$ 
20.51 
$ 
21.61 
$ 
1.10 
5.36% 
28.70 
30.72 
2.02 
7.04% 
49.53 
53.44 
3.91 
7.89% 
64.38 
70.50 
6.12 
9.51% 
77.68 
86.40 
8.72 
11.23% 
90.98 
102.30 
11.32 
12.44% 
104.28 
118.20 
13.92 
13.35% 
124.23 
142.05 
17.82 
14.34% 
144.17 
765.90 
21.73 
15.07% 
157.47 
181.80 
24.33 
15.45% 
184.07 
213.61 
29.54 
16.05% 
204.02 
237.46 
33.44 
16.39% 
223.97 
261.31 
37.34 
16.67% 
290.47 
340.81 
50.34 
17.33% 
356.96 
420.31 
63.35 
17.75% 
489.95 
579.32 
89.37 
18.24% 
74.23 
82.28 
8.05 
10.84% 
Proposed 
IC/kWh 
(L) 
0.21610 
0.15360 
0.13360 
0.11750 
0.10800 
0.10230 
0.09850 
0.09470 
0.09217 
0.09090 
0.08900 
0.08795 
0.08710 
0.08520 
0.08406 
0.08276 
0.10998 
