STATE OF INDIANA 
INDIANA UTILITY REGULATORY COMMISSION 
PETITION 
OF 
INDIANAPOLIS 
POWER 
& 
LIGHT 
COMPANY D/B/A AES INDIANA (“AES INDIANA”) FOR 
AUTHORITY TO INCREASE RATES AND CHARGES FOR 
ELECTRIC UTILITY SERVICE THROUGH A PHASE-IN 
RATE ADJUSTMENT; AND FOR APPROVAL OF RELATED 
RELIEF, INCLUDING (1) REVISED DEPRECIATION 
RATES, INCLUDING COST OF REMOVAL LESS SALVAGE 
AND 
UPDATED 
DEPRECIATION 
EXPENSE; 
(2) 
ACCOUNTING RELIEF, INCLUDING DEFERRALS AND 
AMORTIZATIONS, 
(3) 
INCLUSION 
OF 
CAPITAL 
INVESTMENT, (4) RATE ADJUSTMENT MECHANISM 
PROPOSALS, INCLUDING A NEW PROPERTY TAX RIDER, 
AND (5) NEW SCHEDULES OF RATES, RULES AND 
REGULATIONS FOR SERVICE.  
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
CAUSE NO. 46258 
APPROVED: 
ORDER OF THE COMMISSION 
Presiding Officers: 
Andy Zay, Chairman 
David E. Veleta, Commissioner 
Kristin E. Kresge, Administrative Law Judge 
On June 3, 2025, Indianapolis Power & Light Company d/b/a AES Indiana (“AES Indiana” 
or “Petitioner”) filed its Verified Petition with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission 
(“Commission”) initiating this Cause. Contemporaneously, AES Indiana filed its prepared 
testimony and attachments from the following witnesses, as well as supporting workpapers and 
minimum standard filing requirements information: 
•
Brandi Davis-Handy, President, AES Indiana;
•
David C. Peters, Senior Director of Financial Planning and Analysis and
Transactions, AES US Services, LLC (“AES Services”);
•
Michael E. Russo, Senior Forecast Consultant, Itron, Inc.;
•
Kimberly Aliff, Revenue Requirements Manager, AES Indiana;
•
Adrien M. McKenzie, President, Financial Concepts and Applications, Inc;
•
Dustin J. Illyes, Treasurer of US Utilities, including AES Indiana, AES US
Services;
•
Nicholas M. Miller, Director, Tax, AES US Utilities, AES Services;
•
John J. Spanos, President, Gannett Fleming Valuation and Rate Consultants, LLC;
•
Alexander J. Dickerson, Senior Manager, Wholesale Energy, AES Indiana;
•
Caleb Steiner, Director, Regulated Operations and Term Management, US Utilities,
AES Services;
•
Andrew Baillie, Program Director, Global Insurance, AES Services;
ORIGINAL 
JUN 17 2026 
Commissioner Yes 
No 
Not 
Participating 
Zay 
  √ 
 
 
Deig 
  
√ 
 
Swinger 
 
 
√ 
Veleta 
 √ 
 
 
Ziegner 
 √ 
 
 
 
2 
 
• 
Hampton Matthew Roach, Senior Director, Global Benefits, AES Services; 
• 
Cody A. Flint, Manager, Vegetation Management, AES Indiana; 
• 
Matthew J. Dalton, Director, Human Resources, AES Services; 
• 
Michael L. Holtsclaw, Director, Power Delivery Operations, AES Indiana; 
• 
Gregory Ellis, Director of Generation for Harding Street Station; 
 
 
 
Georgetown Station and Eagle Valley Station, AES Indiana; 
• 
David Faller, Assistant Controller, AES US Utilities, AES Services; 
• 
Paula M. Guletsky, Vice President and Project Director for AES Indiana, Sargent & 
Lundy LLC (“S&L”); 
• 
David Barrie, Director of Advisory Services in Americas region, Wood  
 
 
Canada Limited; 
• 
Austin J. Baker, Manager, Regulatory Affairs, AES Indiana1; and 
• 
Bickey Rimal, Vice President, Concentric Energy Advisors, Inc. 
 
 
On June 6, 2025, Citizens Action Coalition of Indiana, Inc. (“CAC”) filed a Petition to 
Intervene, which was granted by the Presiding Officers by docket entry dated June 25, 2025.  
 
 
On June 11, 2025, the Indiana Office of the Utility Consumer Counselor (“OUCC”) filed 
a Motion to Conduct Multiple Public Field Hearings, and on June 25, 2025, the OUCC filed 
Supplemental Support to their Motion to Conduct Multiple Public Field Hearings. Docket entries 
setting the field hearings were issued on August 1 and 7, 2025. Docket entries Tendering Ex Parte 
Communications were entered on June 25, 2025, July 9, 2025, September 9, 2025, October 24, 
2025, November 3, 2025, and March 5, 2026.  
  
 
On July 1, 2025, the Kroger Co. (“Kroger”) filed its Petition to Intervene, and on July 2, 
2025, both the AES Indiana Industrial Group (“IG”), an ad hoc group of large volume users, and 
Walmart Inc. (“Walmart”) filed Petitions to Intervene; all of which were granted by docket entries 
on July 10, 2025. 
 
On July 16, 2025, the City of Indianapolis filed its Petition to Intervene, which was granted 
by docket entry on August 1, 2025. 
 
 
Field hearings were conducted on August 18, 21, 25 and 27, 2025 in Indianapolis, Indiana, 
the largest municipality in Petitioner’s service area. These field hearings were held in Perry 
Township, Center Township, Pike Township, and Lawrence Township, respectfully. At those field 
hearings, members of the public provided statements and related exhibits to the Commission under 
oath. 
 
 
On September 4, 2025, Rolls-Royce Corporation (“Rolls-Royce”) filed its Petition to 
Intervene, which was granted on September 10, 2025. 
 
 
1 The direct testimony filed by witness Baker was subsequently adopted by AES Indiana Witness Aliff. Petitioner’s 
Notice of Substitution of Witness and Submission of Associated Revisions to Testimony (Oct. 8, 2025). AES Indiana 
filed corrections to its prefiled testimony in this Cause on August 15, 2025, September 4, 2025, September 8, 2025, 
October 6, 2025, October 8, 2025, December 17, 2025, January 22, 2026 and January 27, 2026.  
3 
 
 
On September 9, 2025, the OUCC and certain Intervenors filed their respective cases-in-
chief. The OUCC provided testimony and attachments from the following witnesses: 
 
• 
Brian R. Latham, Director, Electric Division; 
• 
Michael D. Eckert, Chief Technical Advisor, Electric Division; 
• 
Kaleb G. Lantrip, Senior Utility Analyst, Electric Division; 
• 
Brittany L. Baker, Utility Analyst, Electric Division;  
• 
Roopali Sanka, Utility Analyst, Electric Division; 
• 
Derek J. Leader, Utility Analyst; 
• 
Patrick A. Kelley, Utility Analyst; 
• 
Leja D. Courter, Chief Technical Advisor; 
• 
James S. Garren, Consultant, GDS Associates, Inc.;  
• 
Michael W. Deupree, Senior Research Consultant, Acadian Consulting  
 
 
Group; and 
• 
Ashley L. Bishop, External Affairs Specialist.  
 
 
The IG provided testimony and attachments from the following witnesses: 
 
• 
Brian C. Andrews, Principal, Brubaker & Associates, Inc.; 
• 
Jessica A. York, Principal, Brubaker & Associates, Inc.; and 
• 
Michael P. Gorman, Managing Principal, Brubaker & Associates, Inc. 
 
 
CAC prefiled the testimony and attachments of Benjamin Inskeep, Program Director for 
CAC, and Justin Barnes, President of EQ Research LLC. In accordance with the docket entry dated 
September 12, 2025, CAC filed limited supplemental testimony of Mr. Barnes on September 19, 
2025. 
 
 
Kroger prefiled the testimony and attachments of Jared R. Robertson, Senior Consultant 
for Energy Strategies, LLC. Kroger filed an unopposed Motion to Substitute Justin Bieber of 
Energy Strategies, LLC for Mr. Robertson on December 22, 2025. Kroger’s Motion was granted 
by docket entry on January 16, 2026.  
 
 
The City of Indianapolis provided testimony and attachments from Theodore J. Sommer, 
CPA, Sommer Consulting LLC. 
 
 
On October 7, 2025, the IG filed the cross-answering testimony of Ms. York and the CAC 
filed the cross-answering testimony of Mr. Inskeep. 
 
 
Also, on October 7, 2025, AES Indiana prefiled the rebuttal testimony, attachments and 
workpapers of: 
 
• 
Brandi Davis-Handy; 
• 
Chad A. Rogers, Director Regulatory Affairs Indiana, AES Indiana; 
• 
Michael L. Holtsclaw; 
• 
Gregory Ellis; 
4 
 
• 
David Faller; 
• 
Adrien M. McKenzie; 
• 
Dustin J. Illyes; 
• 
Alexander J. Dickerson; 
• 
Cody A. Flint; 
• 
Natalie Herr Coklow, Senior Manager, Regulatory Accounting, AES Services; 
• 
Pilar Cuadra, Environmental Manager, AES Global Environmental Affairs, AES 
Services; 
• 
Matthew J. Dalton; 
• 
Zac Elliot, Director, Customer Solutions, AES Services; 
• 
Alan Felsenthal, Managing Director, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP; 
• 
Nicholas M. Miller;  
• 
David Orr, Chief Digital Officer for US Utilities, AES Services; 
• 
Steven Bramley, Customer Service and Back Office Manager for US Utilities, AES 
Services; 
• 
Michael E. Russo; 
• 
John J. Spanos; 
• 
Paula M. Guletsky; 
• 
Kimberly Aliff; and 
• 
Bickey Rimal. 
 
 
On October 15, 2025, AES Indiana, on behalf of itself, the IG, Walmart, Rolls-Royce, and 
the City of Indianapolis (collectively, “Setting Parties”), filed a Joint Motion for Leave to File 
Settlement Agreement and for Modification of Procedural Schedule (“Joint Motion”). The Joint 
Motion informed the Commission that the Settling Parties had executed the attached Stipulation 
and Settlement Agreement (“Settlement Agreement”), which resolved all issues pending before 
the Commission in this proceeding among the Settling Parties. The OUCC and CAC were not 
parties to the Settlement Agreement. On October 31, 2025, the Joint Motion was granted, and the 
procedural schedule was amended.  
 
 
On October 21, 2025, the OUCC filed a Motion to Conduct Public Field Hearings 
concerning the proposed Settlement Agreement. AES Indiana filed its Response in Opposition to 
the OUCC’s Motion on October 24, 2025. On October 31, 2025, by docket entry, the Presiding 
Officers denied the OUCC’s Motion to Conduct Public Field Hearings. 
 
 
On October 22, 2025, AES Indiana prefiled the settlement testimony and attachments of 
Mr. Elliot, Mr. Rogers, and Mr. Rimal. Contemporaneously, the IG prefiled the settlement 
testimonies of Ms. York and Mr. Gorman, and Walmart prefiled the settlement testimony of Mr. 
Lyon. 
 
 
On November 6, 2025, AES Indiana responded to ex parte communications, which was 
tendered to the record on November 3, 2025. On November 3, 2025, AES Indiana filed a motion 
to strike portions of CAC’s cross-answering testimony (“Motion to Strike”). CAC filed its response 
to the Motion to Strike on November 13, 2025, and AES Indiana filed its reply on November 18, 
2025. On November 21, 2025 by docket entry, the Presiding Officers took administrative notice 
5 
 
of AES Indiana’s compliance filings in Cause No. 45911 dated September 30, 2025 and November 
17, 2025.  
 
 
On December 12, 2025, the OUCC prefiled the settlement opposition testimony and 
attachments of Ms. Baker, Mr. Courter, Mr. Deupree, Mr. Eckert, Mr. Garren, Mr. Kelley, Mr. 
Lantrip, Mr. Latham, and Ms. Sanka. Contemporaneously, CAC prefiled the settlement opposition 
testimony and attachments of Mr. Inskeep and Mr. Barnes. 
 
 
On January 9, 2026, AES Indiana filed settlement rebuttal testimony of Mr. Rogers, Mr. 
Elliot, Mr. Flint, Mr. Holtsclaw, Mr. Spanos, Mr. McKenzie, Mr. Illyes, Mr. Bramley, Mr. 
Dickerson, Mr. Rimal, and Ms. Herr Coklow. On January 9, 2026, the IG filed settlement rebuttal 
testimony of Ms. York and Mr. Gorman. On January 9, 2026, AES Indiana filed a supplemental 
reply regarding its Motion to Strike and advised the Commission that Mr. Bramley’s settlement 
rebuttal testimony responded to the cross-answering testimony, which was the subject of the 
Motion to Strike. Further, AES Indiana indicated it would withdraw the Motion to Strike if Mr. 
Bramley’s settlement rebuttal testimony was admitted into evidence. As indicated below, Mr. 
Bramley’s settlement rebuttal testimony was admitted into evidence, rendering the Motion to 
Strike withdrawn. 
 
 
On January 16, 2026, the Commission issued a docket entry requesting additional 
information, which Petitioner responded to on January 21, 2026. On January 20, 2026, at 1:00 p.m. 
a virtual Attorney’s Conference was held to discuss evidentiary hearing logistical matters. 
 
 
On January 27, 2026, the Commission issued a docket entry requesting additional 
information, to which Petitioner responded on January 27, 2026. Also, on January 27, 2026, the 
OUCC filed its Motion to Strike Inappropriate Argument and Supplementation Filed as 
Petitioner’s Response to the Commission’s January 16, 2026, docket entry (“OUCC Motion to 
Strike”), to which Petitioner responded on January 28, 2026. At the hearing, the OUCC Motion to 
Strike was granted in part and denied in part. 
 
 
The Commission conducted an evidentiary hearing in Room 222 of the PNC Center 
beginning at 10:30 a.m. on January 28, 2026, and continuing on January 29, 2026. AES Indiana, 
the OUCC, and the intervenors participated in the evidentiary hearing, by counsel, the parties’ 
respective prefiled evidence was admitted into evidence.  
 
 
Based upon the applicable law and evidence of record, the Commission finds:  
 
1. 
Notice and Jurisdiction. Due, legal and timely notice of all public hearings in this 
Cause was given and published as required by law. AES Indiana is a public utility as defined in 
Ind. Code § 8-1-2-1(a). Pursuant to Ind. Code §§ 8-1-2-42 and 42.7 (“Section 42.7”), the 
Commission has jurisdiction over AES Indiana’s rates and charges for utility service. Therefore, 
the Commission has jurisdiction over Petitioner and the subject matter of this proceeding. 
 
 
 
6 
 
2. 
AES Indiana’s Organization and Business. AES Indiana is a public utility with 
its principal place of business located at One Monument Circle, Indianapolis, Indiana. AES Indiana 
is part of the AES Corporation, a US-based energy company with global operations. AES Services 
is the service company that supports AES Indiana and other AES affiliates.  
 
 
AES Indiana provides retail electric utility service to approximately 532,000 retail 
customers located principally in and near Indianapolis, Indiana, and in portions of the following 
Indiana counties: Boone, Hamilton, Hancock, Hendricks, Johnson, Marion, Morgan, Owen, 
Putnam, and Shelby.  
 
 
AES Indiana renders electric service by means of electric production, transmission and 
distribution plant, as well as general property, equipment and related facilities, including office 
buildings, service buildings, and other property, all of which are used and useful for the 
convenience of the public in the production, transmission, delivery, and furnishing of electric 
energy, heat, light, and power. AES Indiana’s property is classified in accordance with the Uniform 
System of Accounts as prescribed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”) and 
approved and adopted by this Commission. 
 
 
AES Indiana is subject to the jurisdiction of FERC and is a member of the Midcontinent 
Independent System Operator, Inc. (“MISO”), a regional transmission organization (“RTO”) 
operated under the authority of FERC, which controls the use of AES Indiana’s transmission 
system, as well as the dispatching of AES Indiana’s generating units. As a member of MISO, 
charges and credits are billed to AES Indiana for functional operation of the transmission system, 
management of the MISO markets, and general administration of the RTO.  
 
3. 
Existing Rates. AES Indiana’s current basic rates and charges were approved by 
the Commission in its Final Order in Cause No. 45911, based upon test year operating results for 
the 12 months ended December 31, 2022, adjusted for fixed, known, and measurable changes. The 
petition initiating Cause No. 45911 was filed with the Commission on June 28, 2023. Therefore, 
in accordance with Ind. Code § 8-1-2-42(a), at least 15 months have passed between AES Indiana’s 
last petition and the date AES Indiana filed its Petition in this Cause for a general increase in its 
basic rates and charges.  
 
4. 
Test Year and Rate Base Cutoff. As authorized by Ind. Code § 8-1-2-42.7(d), the 
forward-looking test period is the 12 months ending December 31, 2026 (“Test Year”). In 
accordance with Section 42.7, this Test Year (which commences January 1, 2026) begins not later 
than 24 months after the date on which the Petition was filed. The Test Year ending, December 31, 
2026, is the general rate base cutoff date. 
 
5. 
Relief Originally Requested by AES Indiana. In its Verified Petition, AES 
Indiana requested the Commission approve an overall annual incremental increase in revenues 
from basic rates and charges of approximately $192.2 million. AES Indiana proposed to implement 
the requested revenue increase in two steps through a Phase-in-Rate Adjustment (“PRA”) process. 
In Phase I, revenue would increase by approximately $85.4 million. Phase II would reflect an 
increase of $107.5 million. A revenue increase of approximately 17% has already been authorized 
by the Commission for Petitioner’s Transmission, Distribution, and Storage System Improvement 
7 
 
Charge (“TDSIC”) Plan and other capital investment projects. The previously approved revenue 
increase is included in this filing. AES Indiana also requested Commission approval of specific 
accounting and ratemaking relief, including new depreciation accrual rates based on the Equal Life 
Group (“ELG”) procedure; deferrals and amortizations; vegetation management expense based on 
new competitively bid contracts, an extended trimming specification and other system needs; and 
rate adjustment mechanism proposals, including a new Property Tax Adjustment (“PTA”) rider; 
and approval of its proposed revenue allocation and rate design and new schedules of rates, rules 
and regulations for service. AES Indiana’s filing reflected annual investments of approximately 
$953 million and $957 million in the forecasts for 2025 and 2026, respectively. Approximately 
66% of this investment was previously approved by the Commission. AES Indiana’s filing reflects 
a forecasted weighted average cost of capital (“WACC”) of 7.52% with a regulatory capital 
structure of 47.33% long-term debt and 46.48% common equity as of December 31, 2026, which 
includes Petitioner’s prepaid pension asset [net of the Other Post Employment Benefits (“OPEB”) 
liability] as a reduction to the zero-cost capital component of its ratemaking capital structure. AES 
Indiana’s proposed WACC reflects an increase in Petitioner’s currently authorized return on equity 
(“ROE”) of 9.9% to 10.7% based on the recommendation of its cost of equity (“COE”) expert and 
a COE range of 10.2% to 11.2%. 
 
 
AES Indiana witness Handy explained that to manage the cost of providing service 
Petitioner uses the Integrated Resource Plan (“IRP”) process to identify the reasonable least cost 
mix of resources (referred to as a Preferred Portfolio) to meet the need for electricity within its 
service area. Petitioner also explained that it uses competitive solicitations and negotiations to 
safeguard the reasonableness of the cost of resource selected as a result of its IRP process. AES 
Indiana noted it has and continues to use investment tax credits and joint ventures to reduce the 
overall cost of new renewable resources for the benefit of AES Indiana’s customers. Petitioner 
explained that it considers affordability in the context of ratemaking constructs, cost causation and 
rate design. In particular, AES Indiana has and continues to use 100% of the off-system sales 
(“OSS”) margins generated in the competitive wholesale market to reduce the retail price for 
electricity. Petitioner’s proposed revenue requirement embeds an annual amount of $24.9 million 
OSS margins as a credit to reduce the base price for retail electric service; and which it proposes 
to continue to adjust via the OSS Rider following this rate review. AES Indiana explained that its 
filing reflects the use of reasonable amortization periods to spread the recovery of certain costs 
over multiple years. As stated in Petitioner’s filing, AES Indiana employs reserve treatment for 
vegetation management expense and storm expense to safeguard against Petitioner spending less 
on those costs as compared to what was embedded in base rates. The balance of these reserves is 
to be trued up in the next rate case.  
 
 
AES Indiana also states that it addresses affordability through other initiatives, such as 
Demand Side Management/Energy Efficiency (“DSM”), including a program targeted to low-
income households. AES Indiana participates in customer assistance programs, such as the Energy 
Assistance Program (also referred to as Low-Income Energy Assistance Program or “LIHEAP”) 
and the Winter Assistance Program – which help low-income customers afford their energy bills, 
especially during the winter heating season. Petitioner’s Power of Change program also assists 
income-qualified customers with a one-time grant for electric bill assistance.  
 
8 
 
 
AES Indiana provides that it works individually with customers who fall behind on bill 
payments to work out a plan to get their account current, offers a preferred billing date if a 
particular time of the month is more convenient for a customer, and also offers budget billing to 
help reduce volatility in monthly bills. In this case, Petitioner proposes to maintain the customer 
support practices implemented as a result of the settlement approved in Cause No. 45911. 
 
 
AES Indiana provides that to balance the interests of all customer classes, Petitioner’s rate 
proposals rest on principles of cost causation as discussed by Mr. Rimal. Mr. Rimal explained that 
gradualism is another objective reflected in Petitioner’s proposed rate design. AES Indiana 
considered affordability for each of the customer classes, and determined that the percentage rate 
increases experienced by individual rate schedules should be mitigated to moderate the impact on 
individual rate schedules. 
 
 
AES Indiana also stated that it considered reliability, resiliency, stability and environmental 
sustainability in its ongoing investment in production plant, and transmission and distribution 
(“T&D”) systems. Petitioner considered its proposals regarding vegetation management and storm 
restoration to be consistent with the Five Pillars of Indiana energy policy as set forth in Ind. Code 
§ 8-1-2-0.6 (reliability, resiliency, stability, environmental sustainability, and affordability; 
collectively, “Five Pillars”). 
 
 
6. 
OUCC. The OUCC calculated a proposed revenue requirement, which supported 
a decrease in Petitioner’s rates. Based on this calculation, the OUCC recommended the 
Commission order a $21.2 million decrease from Petitioner’s current rates. The OUCC’s analysis 
reflected the following: 
 
A. 
Depreciation. Mr. Garren recommended depreciation rates be based on the 
average life group (“ALG”) technique. He also recommended the contingency factor for terminal 
retirement costs be 10% and Petitioner’s proposed 2.5% per year escalation factor for terminal 
retirement costs be rejected. In addition, Mr. Garren recommended adjustments to service lives for 
four plant accounts (Account numbers 352, 354, 355, and 356). He recommended adjustments to 
net salvage percentages for specific plant accounts (Account Numbers 351, 352, 354, 355, 361, 
362, 365, and 371). These proposals reduced Petitioner’s forecasted depreciation expense by $62.9 
million. 
 
B. 
ROE and Capital Structure. The OUCC recommended the Commission 
approve an 8.5% ROE based on Mr. Courter’s recommended 9.0% ROE and a 50 basis point 
reduction, which was proposed by Mr. Latham. Mr. Courter used a Discounted Cash Flow (“DCF”) 
and Capital Asset Pricing Model (“CAPM”) to estimate Petitioner’s COE. His DCF model 
produced an 8.55% COE for AES Indiana. Mr. Courter’s CAPM analysis produced a 7.73% to 
9.27% COE for Petitioner. Mr. Courter testified that data on dividend yields, stock market 
valuations, inflation, and economic growth do not support a 10.7% ROE. Mr. Latham’s 
recommendation for a 50 basis point reduction was independent of Mr. Courter’s analysis. Of the 
proposed 50 basis point reduction, the OUCC recommended a 30 basis point reduction based on 
the OUCC’s contention that Petitioner has been inattentive to the Affordability Pillar. The OUCC’s 
recommended 50 basis point reduction to the ROE also included a 20 basis point reduction 
9 
 
attributable to billing system issues related to the implementation of its ACE billing system (“ACE 
Project”), and the resulting adverse impact on AES Indiana customers. 
 
C. 
Test Year Revenue and Operating Expenses. 
 
1. 
Amortization Expense. The OUCC recommended the Commission 
require AES Indiana to reduce its base rates to account for the end of the amortization of regulatory 
assets upon the amortization period expiring. 
 
2. 
Base Cost of Fuel. The OUCC objected to Petitioner’s proposed 
increase in the base cost of fuel and recommended a lower base cost of fuel of $0.042260. Mr. 
Eckert stated this will help alleviate the immediate financial burden on ratepayers while still 
allowing Petitioner to recover and collect actual fuel costs. 
 
3. 
Major Storm Reserve Amortization. The OUCC recommended 
AES Indiana’s Adjustment OM 11, Major Storms account be decreased by an annual amount of 
$1.477 million.  
 
4. 
Public Utility Fee. The OUCC proposed the Commission use the 
IURC Fee rate of $0.1456147 for the period covering July 1, 2025, instead of the new IURC Fee 
rate of $0.1750 enacted by the Indiana General Assembly in 2025, to determine pro forma Public 
Utility fee expense for the 2026 Test Year because the rate is fixed, known, and measurable. 
 
5. 
Rate Case Expense. The OUCC recommended the Commission 
order AES Indiana to share rate case expense equally between shareholders and ratepayers. The 
OUCC also proposed the Commission require AES Indiana to reconcile the “Other – (Additional 
Witness/Consulting Support/Postage)” category of rate case expense to the actual amount incurred 
as part of Petitioner’s post-order compliance filing. 
 
6. 
Test Year Sales Forecast. The OUCC recommended forecasted test 
year residential sales be increased by 2,126.25 MWh to account for fewer losses associated with 
residential solar panel installations. 
 
7. 
Uncollectible Expense. The OUCC opposed AES Indiana’s use of 
the ten-year average of uncollectible expense adjusted to remove the high and low amounts (2023 
and 2020) to calculate the forecasted uncollectible expense percentage. The OUCC proposed to 
calculate the expense by removing three years (2023, 2021, and 2020) and thus proposed a 
downward adjustment to uncollectible expense of $1.042 million in lieu of the utility’s proposed 
increase of $848,000. 
 
8. 
Vacant Positions. The OUCC proposed the Commission remove all 
vacant positions as of July 15, 2025, from the forecasted revenue requirement. 
 
 
 
10 
 
9. 
Vegetation Management Expense. The OUCC proposed 
forecasted distribution system vegetation management expense be maintained at the same level 
authorized in Cause No. 45911 and that the Commission approve Petitioner’s proposed forecasted 
transmission system vegetation management expense. 
 
D. 
Forecasted Rate Base.  
 
1. 
Capital Forecast. The OUCC recommended approximately $27.6 
million in forecasted T&D capital expenditures and $750,000 in forecasted generation capital 
expenditures be removed from AES Indiana’s capital forecast. The OUCC also recommended 
$8.95 million of capital improvements associated with digital and information technology 
programs be removed from Petitioner’s capital forecast in recognition of the problems with the 
ACE Project.  
 
2. 
Fuel Oil Inventory. Mr. Eckert recommended a fuel oil inventory 
level of 800,128 gallons or $1,703,801, which reflects a downward adjustment of $425,608 to AES 
Indiana’s proposed downward adjustment of $741,000. 
 
3. 
Riders. The OUCC recommended an extension of the current 
agreement that allows the OUCC and intervenors to file testimony in Petitioner’s Fuel Adjustment 
Clause (“FAC”) 35 days after AES Indiana files its petition and testimony. The OUCC opposed 
AES Indiana’s request for a PTA rider. 
 
4. 
Cost of Service (“COS”) and Rate Design.  
 
 
 
 
 
a. 
Revenue Allocation. Mr. Deupree recommended the 
Commission adopt a revenue distribution allocation method based on his allocated cost of service 
study (“ACOSS”) results. Mr. Deupree testified AES Indiana’s ACOSS incorrectly classifies fixed 
costs associated with production plant assets as exclusively demand-related. He disagreed with 
Petitioner’s reliance on the results of its minimum system study (“MSS”) to classify a portion of 
its distribution plant assets as being customer-related because large customers with relatively 
higher load factors are favored over residential and small commercial customers with lower load 
factors. He recommended any rate increase to any single rate class be limited to no more than 1.15 
times the overall system average increase. Mr. Deupree recommended that if a rate decrease is 
determined to be appropriate, the classes currently earning a relative rate of return of less than 0.90 
receive a rate decrease equal to 50% of the overall system decrease, with the remainder being 
equally allocated among the remaining classes.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
i. 
Customer Charges. The OUCC recommended 
denial of AES Indiana’s proposed increase to monthly customer charges for residential and small 
commercial customers and recommended a reduction in the current residential customer charge 
from $17.00 per month to $11.25 per month for a customer using more than 325 kWh per month, 
and a decrease from $12.50 per month to $8.25 per month for a customer using less than 325 kWh 
per month. He also recommended a reduction to the customer charges for SS customers and SH 
customers, depending on usage.  
 
11 
 
5. 
Other Matters. Mr. Eckert recommended AES Indiana continue to 
follow the storm reporting requirements agreed to in Cause No. 45911. 
 
7. 
IG. Based on the IG’s calculation of a proposed revenue requirement, the IG’s 
witnesses presented testimony supporting a recommended revenue increase of $57.355 million. 
The IG’s analysis reflected the following: 
 
A. 
Depreciation. The IG recommended depreciation rates be based on the 
ALG procedure. The IG recommended different survivor curves for certain steam production 
accounts, depreciation of the Harding Street Solar Farm in the same manner as other mass property 
accounts, removal of contingencies in the estimated demolition cost, and longer service lives for 
Accounts 353 and 365. The IG’s proposed depreciation rates would reduce AES Indiana’s 
proposed test year’s depreciation expense by $71.8 million. 
 
B. 
ROE and Capital Structure. The IG recommended a ROE within a range 
of 9.10% to 9.90%. The IG proposed the removal of the prepaid pension asset and the OPEB 
liability from the ratemaking capital structure. 
 
C. 
Forecasted Test Year Revenue and Operating Expenses.  
 
1. 
Forecasted 
Vegetation 
Management 
Expense. 
The 
IG 
recommended a forecasted vegetation management expense that recognizes cost escalation and 
proposed a budget of $31.871 million, which is Petitioner’s 2024 actual expense with a 10% 
escalation rate for the Test Year. 
 
2. 
Major Storm Reserve Amortization. The IG recommended the 
utility’s Adjustment OM 11, Major Storms account, be decreased to remove the contingency costs 
for the April 2, 2025 storm, which totaled $812,277. 
 
D. 
COS/Rate Design.  
 
1. 
Revenue Allocation. The IG recommended that the Indiana 
jurisdictional revenue requirement and any authorized revenue increase be allocated to customer 
classes based on the cost of providing service to each of the customer classes. While Ms. York 
recommended that AES Indiana continue to use the coincident peak (“CP”) method of cost 
allocation for production investment, she testified the 4CP method is superior to the 12CP method 
in forming allocation factors, which reflect causes of the production capacity costs incurred to 
serve customers. Ms. York recommended an alternative approach to move toward meaningful 
reduction of the substantial interclass subsidies present in AES Indiana’s current rates. Under this 
alternative approach, half of the difference between the requested and approved increase would be 
used to reduce the excess rate levels paid by the classes providing subsidies. After the subsidy 
reduction is accomplished, rates for all classes, including the residential class, would be reduced 
on a proportionate basis. Ms. York testified that under her recommended approach, no class would 
receive a dollar increase greater than proposed by AES Indiana, rates would move closer to cost 
of service, subsidies would be more measurably reduced versus Petitioner’s proposal, and an 
increase in residential rates would be mitigated. 
12 
 
8. 
CAC. The CAC did not calculate a revenue requirement but offered testimony in 
support of the following recommendations:  
 
 
First, Mr. Inskeep recommended the Commission open an investigation into AES Indiana’s 
billing system issues and deny cost recovery related to Petitioner’s ACE Project that was 
authorized in Cause No. 45911 (“ACE Project”). He testified that the ACE Project was deployed 
on November 6, 2023, and that many AES Indiana customers have since experienced numerous 
billing issues. Mr. Inskeep stated that between deployment and June 3, 2024, AES Indiana reported 
that 61,772 customers experienced a billing issue. He stated that significant billing issues due to 
the ACE Project are ongoing. Mr. Inskeep described problems that have developed with AES 
Indiana’s autopay system, which has affected hundreds of customers and has caused overcharges. 
He detailed the difficulty that customers have experienced in attempting to get AES Indiana to 
rectify the erroneous charges in a timely manner. He has stated that it is unclear if Petitioner has 
corrected the issues with the autopay system. Mr. Inskeep recommended denial of cost recovery 
for the ACE Project based on AES Indiana’s mismanagement.  
 
 
Mr. Inskeep testified concerning the affordability crisis, citing the enactment of the Five 
Pillars, as well as Governor Braun’s public statements prioritizing residential electric affordability. 
He stated that over 100 AES Indiana ratepayers spoke in opposition to the requested rate increase 
during the four public field hearings. Mr. Inskeep testified that affordability was a concern of most 
speakers. Among other evidence regarding affordability, Mr. Inskeep stated that AES Indiana 
residential bills for customers using 1,000 kWh monthly grew by 11.9% between July 2023 and 
July 2024 and another 12% from July 2024 to July 2025. He testified that AES Indiana’s proposed 
bill increases would result in a bill for a 1,000 kWh monthly customer increasing by more than 
$32 between May 2025 and January 2027. Mr. Inskeep recommended the Commission: find that 
the utility affordability crisis is harming AES Indiana ratepayers and that AES Indiana’s proposed 
rates are not just, reasonable, or in the public interest; direct AES Indiana to adopt a security deposit 
cap of $50 for non-LIHEAP residential customers who attest to having a household income below 
the statewide median household income for their households’ size and $25 for LIHEAP customers; 
pause residential disconnections for nonpayment for an additional one-year period, discontinue all 
disconnections for nonpayment for Medical Alert customers; eliminate the reconnection charge for 
residential customers resuming service after being disconnected for a delinquent bill; direct AES 
Indiana to automatically waive the first two late payment charges a residential customer gets over 
a 12-month rolling basis; and approve Mr. Inskeep’s proposed Affordable Power Rider. 
 
 
Mr. Inskeep recommended denial of implementation of Phase 2 rates due to AES Indiana’s 
ambiguity concerning plans for network upgrades and for direct connect facilities associated with 
new data center projects.   Regarding the cost of capital, Mr. Inskeep demonstrated that a reduction 
in ROE below AES Indiana’s current authorized ROE of 9.9% would reduce the rate increase. He 
testified that lower ROEs have been approved in recent rate cases, and that a lower ROE is 
warranted in this proceeding due to existing affordability concerns within AES Indiana’s service 
territory. He recommended denial of AES Indiana’s requested revenue requirement increase and 
recommended that to the extent a revenue increase is approved, AES Indiana’s authorized ROE 
should be reduced. He also recommended the Commission deny AES Indiana’s request to include 
in the revenue requirement its 2025 rate case expense. 
 
---
13 
 
 
Mr. Inskeep recommended that actions be taken to protect residential ratepayers and that 
affordability be considered and addressed. He recommended a review of T&D capital investment, 
which have significantly increased over the past several years, a review of vegetation management 
expenses, coal ash cleanup costs, and depreciation and amortization expenses.  
 
 
Mr. Inskeep expressed concerns with AES Indiana’s proposal for revenue apportionment, 
which he testified would result in a rate increase of 13.45% for residential customers, among the 
customer classes with the largest percentage rate increase. He recommended that if the revenue 
increase is approved, AES Indiana’s proposed revenue apportionment be denied, and instead the 
Commission should approve an apportionment in which residential customers do not receive a rate 
increase higher than the system average.  
 
 
Mr. Barnes recommended that the current customer charges of $12.50 per month for 
months in which a customer’s usage is 325 kWh or less, and $17.00 per month for months where 
the customer’s usage is greater than 325 kWh for non-multi-family residential customers be 
retained. Mr. Barnes recommended the customer charge for multi-family residential customers 
should be set at a flat rate of $11.00 per month to properly reflect the lower costs required to serve 
multi-family residential customers.  
 
 
Mr. Barnes requested the Commission direct AES Indiana to conduct a more complete 
study of the differences in the costs of service for multi-family and non-multi-family residential 
customers for further consideration in its next general rate case. Mr. Barnes recommended the 
declining block design of residential rates be modified to reduce the differential between Block 1 
and Block 2 by 5% and the differential between Block 2 and Block 3 by 10%.  
 
9. 
City of Indianapolis. Mr. Sommer recommended that the AES Indiana cost of 
service methodology be based on 4CP. Mr. Sommer contended Petitioner’s 12CP and Non-
Coincident Peak (“NCP”) cost of service methods unfairly allocates costs to the street lighting 
class; and improperly allocated operating and maintenance (“O&M”) costs to the MU-1 rate, 
which minimizes savings from LED lighting conversion. Mr. Sommer also recommended the ALG 
method for depreciation be used, since the ELG method does not account for the differences in 
types of lighting. Additionally, Mr. Sommer recommended AES Indiana continue to record the 
installation of LED fixtures associated with the City of Indianapolis. He also recommended AES 
Indiana be required to complete the analyses it agreed to in Cause No. 45911. He recommended 
the Commission limit any increase to the street lighting class to the lesser of system average or the 
overall residential class increase. Mr. Sommer also recommended AES Indiana continue to replace 
its own obsolete lighting technology with LED lights and continue to work with area municipalities 
to assist them with their own lighting replacement. 
 
10. 
Kroger. Mr. Bieber recommended modifications to AES Indiana’s rate design for 
Rate SL to better align rates with the underlying cost. Specifically, he recommended setting the 
demand charge to $31.37 per kW and setting the energy charge to $0.058648 per kWh, at AES 
Indiana’s proposed revenue requirement. Mr. Bieber testified that this recommended rate design 
aligns rates with the underlying cost components and proportionately splits Petitioner’s proposed 
mitigation subsidy between the demand and energy charges. To the extent the Commission 
approves a revenue target for Rate SL that is different than that proposed by AES Indiana, Mr. 
14 
 
Bieber recommended that the demand charges and the energy charges he proposed each be reduced 
by an equal percentage to recover the target revenue requirement. 
 
11. 
Walmart. Mr. Lyon recommended a close examination of AES Indiana’s proposed 
revenue requirement increase and the associated proposed increase in ROE. If Petitioner’s 
proposed revenue requirement is approved, Mr. Lyon testified that Walmart does not oppose AES 
Indiana’s revenue allocation proposal. Mr. Lyon testified that during 2023, 2024, and up until the 
filing of his testimony, the Commission issued orders with stated ROEs in six causes, with the 
average of the ROEs approved equal to 9.81%. Mr. Lyon testified that the range of reported 
authorized ROEs nationally for the recent period is 8.63% to 11.45%, and the median authorized 
ROE for all electric utilities is 9.70% and 9.77% for vertically integrated electric utilities.  
 
 
Walmart advocated that rates be set based on AES Indiana’s cost of service for each rate 
class to produce equitable rates that reflect cost causation, send proper price signals, and minimize 
price distortions. If the Commission approves a lower revenue requirement for Petitioner, Mr. Lyon 
recommended the Commission increase the proposed increase cap factor above 1.3 times the 
overall system increase to further reduce subsidies while also ensuring that no class receives an 
increase greater than that proposed by AES Indiana. Walmart supports Petitioner’s decision to 
retire its existing self-supplied electric vehicle (“EV”) program and recommended that AES 
Indiana offer an EV tariff for third-party owned public direct current fast charging (“DCFC”) 
stations. Walmart recommended denial of AES Indiana’s request to recover additional costs 
through riders, and if not, the Commission should require a base rate case stay out.  
 
12. 
Cross-Answering Testimony. CAC and the IG filed cross-answering testimony in 
support of recommendations summarized below.  
 
A. 
CAC. Mr. Inskeep discussed the list of Commission Consumer Affairs 
Division (“CAD”) complaints included with OUCC testimony, testifying that he stood by his direct 
testimony recommendations. Mr. Inskeep discussed deficiencies and limitations of AES Indiana’s 
Root Cause Analysis (“RCA”). He responded to OUCC witness Latham’s recommendation for a 
20 basis point reduction to AES Indiana’s authorized ROE and disagreed that this reduction is an 
adequate remedy. Mr. Inskeep recommended that OUCC witness Latham’s recommendation for a 
downward revision to the authorized ROE be considered in addition to his recommendations.  
 
 
Mr. Inskeep disagreed with IG witness York’s proposed use of 4CP for production cost 
allocation. He also disagreed with City of Indianapolis witness Sommer’s testimony regarding the 
4CP allocation method. Mr. Inskeep supported OUCC witness Deupree’s proposal to classify 
70.36% of AES Indiana’s production plant costs as energy-related and 29.64% as being demand-
related. Mr. Inskeep stated that if Mr. Deupree’s approach is rejected, then the 12CP method should 
be used and the 4CP method rejected. Mr. Inskeep also agreed with OUCC witness Deupree’s 
recommendation concerning distribution system classification.  
 
B. 
IG. Ms. York explained that after reviewing OUCC witness Deupree’s 
direct testimony, she continues to support a coincident demand allocation of production and 
transmission investment cost in AES Indiana’s ACOSS. She stated that Mr. Deupree’s proposal is 
counter to previous findings of the Commission with respect to cost of service methodology. Ms. 
15 
 
York stated the Peak and Average (“P&A”) cost allocation method proposed by Mr. Deupree is not 
reasonable. She explained that this allocation method gives significant weight to annual energy 
consumption and lesser weight to the contribution to system peaks in allocating investment in 
production facilities. Ms. York stated that because generation facilities must be designed to meet 
peak demand loads, such an allocation factor results in a cost allocation that is not related to cost 
of service. She explained that the Commission has rejected similar OUCC arguments in previous 
cases, and Mr. Deupree has offered no new evidence to support his assertions in this case. Ms. 
York explained that the theory underlying Mr. Deupree’s position is outdated and the method is 
flawed. She explained that the Average and Excess method does not double count loads as is the 
case for the P&A method, which erroneously adds the entire average demand for a class to the 
entire peak demand for a class, ignoring that the average load is part of the peak load. Ms. York 
supported AES Indiana’s ACOSS use of minimum system technique to properly classify a portion 
of distribution costs as customer-related, particularly for distribution plant in FERC Accounts 364 
through 368 and explained that multiple Indiana Investor-Owned Utilities (“IOUs”) used a 
minimum system technique. She supported her views with a discussion of the National Association 
of Regulatory Utility Commissioners (“NARUC”) Manual and other state commission precedent. 
She stated it is indisputable that a customer component exists in the classification of distribution 
system cost and recommended the Commission accept the minimum system approach in the 
allocation of distribution costs as proposed by AES Indiana in this proceeding. 
 
 
Ms. York testified that Mr. Deupree’s recommendation that no class receive an increase of 
more than 1.15 times the overall system average (which is even more restrictive than the 1.3 times 
the overall system average that AES Indiana proposed) is arbitrary and an impediment to reducing 
the subsidization that continues to exist in current rates as calculated in AES Indiana’s filing and 
in her direct testimony. 
 
 
Ms. York explained that Mr. Inskeep’s recommendation regarding apportionment ignores 
the COS, would further the subsidization in AES Indiana’s current rates, and would abandon the 
principle of cost-based rates. She testified that CAC’s proposal should not be adopted since it 
results in rates that do not reflect cost and distort price signals.  
 
 
Ms. York also disagreed with Mr. Barnes’ assertion that distribution costs should not be 
classified, in part, as customer-related, explaining that there are clearly customer-related costs 
incurred in designing a distribution network, and allocating this portion of distribution costs using 
a customer classification is necessary in order for rates to adequately reflect cost-causation. She 
stated a customer classification of distribution costs is noted as reasonable by the NARUC Manual. 
Ms. York stated that if Mr. Barnes has an issue with AES Indiana’s proposed customer charges for 
the residential class, that is a rate design issue with residential rates in particular that should not 
and does not need to distort the ACOSS or the revenue allocation amongst customer classes. Ms. 
York recommended the Commission reject Mr. Barnes’ proposal regarding the classification and 
allocation of distribution system costs.  
 
13. 
AES Indiana Rebuttal. In its rebuttal evidence, AES Indiana reduced the net 
operating income deficiency from $192.9 million to $182.7 million, which is an overall revenue 
increase of 9.8% rather than a 10.1% increase in overall retail revenues as filed initially. AES 
16 
 
Indiana’s rebuttal filing also stated the extent to which Petitioner agreed or disagreed with the 
OUCC and Intervenors’ positions as summarized below. 
 
A. 
Affordability. Ms. Davis-Handy and Mr. Rogers disagreed with the 
OUCC’s position that AES Indiana is indifferent to the affordability pillar. Ms. Davis-Handy stated 
that AES Indiana’s filing demonstrates Petitioner’s reasonable and sound management of costs 
despite inflation and growth in rate base. Mr. Rogers addressed each of the OUCC’s claims, stating 
that AES Indiana’s filing reasonably considers affordability of service with respect to present and 
future generations of Indiana citizens and is consistent with Ind. Code §§ 8-1-2-0.5 and -0.6.  
 
 
Mr. Rogers stated that the operating expense test and the earnings test calculated quarterly 
in AES Indiana’s FAC filings identify the extent to which utility investors are bearing the costs of 
providing service. He testified the most recent FAC operating expense test shows actual non-fuel 
operating expenses exceed the level of such operating expenses reflected in current rates by over 
$131 million, and the most recent quarterly FAC earnings test shows Petitioner has cumulatively 
underearned its authorized return by nearly $394 million over the past five years. Additionally, he 
testified that AES Indiana bears the risks of increases in costs not captured in the revenue 
requirement to determine basic rates. 
 
 
Mr. Rogers testified that Mr. Latham’s recommended 30 basis point downward adjustment 
to ROE is arbitrary. To put into perspective the financial impact of Mr. Latham’s proposal, Mr. 
Rogers stated that a 30-basis point downward adjustment to ROE results in a decrease to annual 
allowable net operating income (“NOI”) of approximately $7.8 million yearly. Mr. Rogers 
recognized that the Commission has used the ROE number at the lower end of the reasonable ROE 
range to reflect the Commission’s displeasure with a utility’s management and to encourage 
improved performance in the future, and stated these decisions typically addressed safety and 
operational concerns. Mr. Rogers stated that Commission-awarded ROEs recognize the 
importance of assuring a utility can maintain its financial resilience. 
 
 
Messrs. Illyes and McKenzie supported the need for AES Indiana to maintain adequate 
financial strength and to be able to afford a reasonable opportunity to earn a fair return. Mr. Elliot 
further responded to the OUCC and CAC testimony regarding affordability. He presented a “share 
of wallet” analysis showing that average, actual bills for AES Indiana’s customers are in line with 
median income growth in Marion County, Indiana, and have been below cumulative inflation over 
the prior ten-year period of 2014 to 2024. 
 
B. 
ACE Billing System Project. Ms. Davis-Handy acknowledged the billing 
issues stemming from the ACE Project and subsequent customer frustrations, but disagreed with 
CAC witness Inskeep’s contention that AES Indiana has attempted to downplay the issues and has 
not been transparent. She testified that the billing system matters have been resolved and the 
associated cost of resolving these matters is not reflected in the Test Year in this Cause.  
 
 
Messrs. Orr and Bramley addressed technical matters related to the ACE Project raised by 
the OUCC and CAC. Mr. Orr testified that Petitioner relied on the Accenture, who was contracted 
by AES Indiana to execute the ACE Project, Readiness Wheel showing a fully green status across 
all readiness categories to determine to go-live with the customer information system (“CIS”) 
17 
 
billing system in Indiana and explained that Accenture is an industry recognized leader in SAP 
implementations. Mr. Orr disagreed that the system was prematurely placed into service, and 
emphasized that AES Indiana reasonably relied on Accenture’s analysis in making the go-live 
decision. 
 
 
Mr. Orr also opined that the OUCC’s suggestion that the issues could have been resolved 
elsewhere had Indiana not been implemented first is not correct. He stated most billing issues in 
Indiana were related to bill print and bill presentment. He testified these code blocks are unique to 
each jurisdiction, and fixes to these issues would not benefit other jurisdictions. Mr. Orr discussed 
the numerous ways AES Indiana customers benefited from the shared development process, 
including reduced overall costs and reduced licensing and support costs.  
 
 
Mr. Orr testified that the OUCC suggestion that AES Indiana did not hold the contractor 
accountable is incorrect. In response to OUCC witness Lantrip, Mr. Orr clarified that Petitioner 
did not need to seek reimbursement from the contractor because the resolution of issues occurred 
during a designated warranty period and thus all issue remediation was covered by the scope of 
this warranty. Mr. Orr added that during the warranty period, AES Indiana also undertook work 
that was outside the original project scope in order to improve the operational efficiency of the 
billing system, and that this work was performed by Accenture at discounted pricing, which helped 
mitigate the financial impact of these enhancements. 
 
 
Mr. Orr disagreed with CAC witness Inskeep’s contentions regarding the promptness of 
AES Indiana’s response to the CIS issues. Mr. Orr testified that Petitioner acted promptly and 
diligently to resolve system issues to ensure the billing issues were resolved appropriately. Mr. Orr 
testified that the issues with the CIS billing system were remediated in August 2024. He stated that 
since then, the system has operated as intended to reliably produce invoices and support customer 
operations. He clarified that in the normal course of business; AES Indiana reasonably expects 
systems to require maintenance and improvements. He testified that it is standard practice to see 
higher levels of enhancement activities, change requests, and issue resolutions early in a platform’s 
lifecycle as the system is used. Mr. Orr stated that to ensure ongoing reliable usage, Petitioner 
leverages system quality metrics to monitor the performance of the CIS billing system daily.  
 
 
Mr. Orr disagreed with Mr. Inskeep’s contention that AES Indiana has not been forthright 
in its compliance reports. He testified AES Indiana compiled data and other information responsive 
to the Commission’s directive, including responses to the additional questions posed by the 
Commission and explanations of technical terms. Mr. Orr stated the billing system implementation 
was complex due to the integration with other systems, but this investment was necessary to 
replace legacy infrastructure dating back to 1996. 
 
 
Mr. Bramley disagreed with the OUCC and CAC characterizations of the customer impacts 
of the billing system transition issues. Mr. Bramley testified that at its peak (in February and March 
2024), the billing system transition issues impacted approximately 12% of customers; he added 
that the predominant issue customers experienced concerned Out-of-Balance bills, which were 
resolved or corrected in subsequent billing cycles. Mr. Bramley testified that the new billing 
system has issued millions of accurate and timely invoices. Mr. Bramley testified that AES Indiana 
undertook extensive outreach, including emails, letters, in-person events, media stories, 
18 
 
interviews, and outbound call campaigns to keep customers informed about CIS implementation 
and related developments. Mr. Bramley stated that while CAC witness Inskeep referenced 
approximately 214,000 disconnection notices sent in the first six months of 2025, only 17,866 of 
these customers were disconnected for non-payment. He added that when a disconnection occurs, 
AES Indiana’s remote reconnection capabilities enable a customer to reestablish service within 
minutes of making the required payment. He stated that as of September 30, 2025, the disconnect-
to-reconnect ratio stood at 75%, indicating that most disconnected customers were reconnected 
promptly.  
 
 
Mr. Bramley stated that the autopay issue, whereby customers were able to create duplicate 
autopay profiles by pressing the “Start AutoPay” button multiple times, was a 2024 payment 
vendor issue, not a CIS issue. He stated that AES Indiana worked with the vendor to resolve the 
issue and Petitioner worked with affected customers to issue refunds, including financial institution 
fees.  
 
 
Mr. Bramley testified that AES Indiana makes every reasonable effort to ensure that 
supervisors are available to customers at the time a request is made. Further, he stated that during 
periods of unusually high call volumes or when demand for supervisory assistance exceeds 
available staffing, customers are offered the option to receive a callback within 24 hours. Mr. 
Bramley testified customers electing to remain on hold for the next available supervisor are 
advised that their wait times may be longer than expected due to these operational constraints. 
 
 
 
Mr. Bramley testified that Mr. Inskeep’s testimony regarding collections omits a critical 
detail regarding AES Indiana’s disconnection for non-payment procedures. Mr. Bramley testified 
that due to the suspension of disconnection activity during the CIS implementation period, only 
3,710 accounts were sent to collections between November 2023 and April 2025. Further, he stated 
that, based on historical averages, AES Indiana would have expected to send approximately 35,449 
accounts to collections over the same 18-month period without CIS implementation. 
 
 
Messrs. Roger and Bramley stated that the CIS issues have been resolved, AES Indiana has 
already held itself accountable and the Commission continues to oversee these matters. Mr. Rogers 
presented a calculation of the economic impact Petitioner and its shareholders have already 
experienced related to the CIS billing system issues. This analysis reflected uncollectible accounts 
expense of approximately $40 million in excess of what is included in base rates in 2024 and 2025, 
and estimated foregone late fees of approximately $7 million in 2024 and 2025.  
 
 
Mr. Rogers also testified that the CIS billing system portion of the ACE Project has an 
estimated utility plant in service net of accumulated depreciation (rate base) value of 
approximately $40.7 million as of the end of the test year in this case. He explained that the impact 
to AES Indiana’s return (NOI) on the CIS billing portion of the ACE Project being included in rate 
base is a $3.1 million (using the full WACC) or $2.0 million impact (using the equity portion of 
WACC). He testified that Mr. Latham’s recommended 20-basis point reduction to ROE applied to 
all AES Indiana rate base would result in a reduction to its NOI of $5.5 million. Mr. Rogers testified 
that Mr. Latham’s suggested ROE reduction is not only unnecessary due to the financial impact 
Petitioner has already incurred related to this project but is also overly punitive as compared to the 
19 
 
NOI impact of the CIS billing portion of the ACE Project. He concluded that the severe financial 
penalties recommended by the OUCC and CAC should be rejected. 
 
C. 
OUCC Revenue Requirement Correction. AES Indiana witness Aliff 
testified that the OUCC’s revenue requirement calculation did not include an adjustment for the 
revenue impact of the OUCC’s proposed change in the base cost of fuel. She asserted the OUCC’s 
calculated revenue requirement is flawed because fuel costs are recovered 100% through the FAC, 
and total forecasted fuel revenue should match total forecasted fuel expense. She testified that the 
OUCC revenue requirement, if accurately calculated, would reflect a $14.7 million increase in 
revenue as opposed to the $21.3 million decrease described by OUCC witness Eckert. 
 
D. 
Depreciation. Mr. Spanos responded to the testimony regarding 
depreciation filed by the City of Indianapolis, the OUCC and the IG. Mr. Spanos clarified the 
depreciation concepts underlying these issues. 
 
1. 
ELG vs ALG Procedure. Mr. Spanos stated that the OUCC, the 
City of Indianapolis, and the IG proposed a change in depreciation expense compared to AES 
Indiana’s proposal. He stated most of this difference is due to the use of different depreciation 
procedures. Mr. Spanos testified AES Indiana depreciation rates are based on the ELG procedure, 
which has been the leading procedure in Indiana for forty years.  
 
 
Mr. Spanos testified that due to continual activity where assets are added and retired every 
year, ELG depreciation rates do not actually change as much as both witnesses claim. Based on 
his experience with utilities updating depreciation rates annually, Mr. Spanos testified that in actual 
practice, ELG depreciation rates are more stable than the other parties claim and do not warrant 
annual updating. Mr. Spanos stated that ELG is also discussed and supported in authoritative 
depreciation texts and academic literature. 
 
 
Mr. Spanos testified that IG witness Andrew’s proposal would result in unfairly pushing 
current customers’ costs onto future customers. Mr. Spanos stated the use of ELG rates in the long 
run typically results in lower customer rates due to lower rate base, since ELG rates are usually 
higher than ALG rates. Mr. Spanos testified future customers will have to pay higher ALG 
depreciation rates than current customers as remaining life depreciation rates result in accumulated 
depreciation that will eventually revert to a lower level from the use of the ALG procedure. He 
explained that pushing costs into the future will create affordability issues for future customers. 
Mr. Spanos added that if the other parties’ proposal to use ALG depreciation rates were adopted, 
then accumulated depreciation would be lower in the future. He explained that if, in the future, 
power plants (or any other asset) were retired earlier than expected, then more costs would have 
to be recovered in a short period of time. 
 
 
Finally, Mr. Spanos explained that both OUCC witness Garren and IG witness Andrews 
did not accurately develop their 2026 forecasted book reserve, which is the basis of their 
development of depreciation expense for 2026. 
 
 
20 
 
2. 
Street Lighting and Signal Systems. Mr. Spanos testified that City 
of Indianapolis witness Mr. Sommer challenged the impact of the depreciation procedure on the 
identity of the assets within the two subaccounts of street lighting. Mr. Spanos clarified that neither 
depreciation procedure segregates the assets differently or mixes the recovery between the two 
subaccounts differently than the other. Ms. Spanos stated that the depreciation procedures recover 
the investment over the full-service life of the equipment within the account, adding that the ELG 
procedure accomplishes that consistent with how the assets are utilized while the ALG procedure 
averages all assets recovery regardless of whether they are in service for one year or more. Mr. 
Spanos testified that the assets in Account Number 373, includes the arms and poles for the lighting 
fixture which are the same for both older luminaries and LED.  
 
3. 
Terminal Net Salvage/Decommissioning Costs. Mr. Spanos stated 
that OUCC witness Garren proposed two adjustments to the terminal net salvage estimates for 
AES Indiana’s plants. Mr. Spanos testified the first is to remove the escalation component, which 
is used to estimate the cost to retire these facilities at the future date of their expected retirement 
(as opposed to in today’s cost). He stated that escalation is necessary in order to recover the full 
net salvage costs of these facilities over their service lives. Mr. Spanos stated the second adjustment 
proposed by Mr. Garren is to reduce contingency from the decommissioning cost estimates to 10%.  
 
 
Mr. Spanos testified the Commission has ruled that it is appropriate to include contingency 
in decommissioning estimates and that decommissioning estimates should be escalated to the date 
of retirement. Mr. Spanos clarified that IG witness Andrews did challenge the contingency 
component in decommissioning but did not challenge the 2.5% escalation component for 
decommissioning of generating facilities. He stated OUCC witness Garren proposed to arbitrarily 
reduce the contingency to 10% and proposed to eliminate the escalation factor.  
 
 
In response to OUCC witness Garren, Ms. Guletsky testified that contingency factors are 
allowances included in a cost estimate to account for risks attributable to the maturity level of the 
source documents used to develop the estimate. She explained that contingencies were applied per 
industry standard and, disagreed with OUCC witness Garren contention that the contingency factor 
should be 5% to 10%. She testified the 5% to 10% range is for a detailed “Check Estimate or 
Bid/Tender,” which is predicated on having a contractor bid in hand. She stated the estimates that 
have been prepared by S&L do not include this level of detail and are appropriate for the 
“Authorization or Control” level shown in the industry standards she provided.  
 
 
Ms. Guletsky stated that the way contingency is calculated in the S&L analysis for 
individual components does not create excessive contingency costs as a percentage of total costs. 
She testified OUCC witness Garren’s testimony does not recognize how the contingency is applied 
to the scrap value at each unit. She stated the scrap value contingency is a negative value, meaning 
the contractor cannot realize the full credit included in the cost estimate; therefore, the contingency 
on the scrap value increases the total cost of the project as well as the overall contingency applied. 
 
 
She concluded that contingency is appropriate and a necessary component of the cost 
estimate; further, industry guidelines were followed to determine the appropriate level of 
contingency to set the decommissioning budgetary costs. Ms. Guletsky testified that the 
application of contingency serves to manage risk of overrun and, not eliminate risk in its entirety. 
21 
 
4. 
Interim Survivor Curves. Mr. Spanos testified that IG witness 
Andrews challenged the interim survivor curves for some generating accounts which affect the 
weighting of the net salvage for generating accounts. Mr. Spanos explained that the interim 
survivor curve must represent the age and percentage of assets that will be retired at each age 
interval. He stated IG witness Andrews’ estimates do not realistically assess the level of retirements 
that will occur on an interim basis.  
 
5. 
Harding Street Solar. Mr. Spanos testified that the next adjustment 
made by IG witness Andrews was his challenge to the life characteristics of the Harding Street 
Solar facility. Mr. Spanos testified IG witness Andrews proposed to remove the probable retirement 
component for solar generation assets. Mr. Spanos explained that, just like all other generating 
facilities, solar facilities will have periodic components of assets that will be retired and replaced 
annually, and will eventually have a concurrent date at which the facility will be retired. He 
testified that a solar facility cannot operate by retiring one panel at a time or one inverter at a time. 
 
6. 
Mass Property Service Lives. Mr. Spanos testified that the next set 
of adjustments proposed by both IG witness Andrews and OUCC witness Garren were for the 
service life estimates for some transmission and distribution accounts. Mr. Spanos stated IG 
witness Andrews proposed longer service lives for one transmission and one distribution account 
while OUCC witness Garren also proposed longer service lives for four transmission accounts. 
Mr. Spanos stated each witness’ proposals are based primarily, if not entirely, on comparing 
mathematical results from the statistical life analysis. Mr. Spanos testified that depreciation 
authorities, such as NARUC, include a subjective component in estimating service lives. Mr. 
Spanos stated that service life estimates are a forecast for the future and focusing only on 
mathematical calculations based on historical data will lead to unreasonable service life estimates. 
 
7. 
Mass Property Net Salvage. Mr. Spanos stated the final set of 
adjustments proposed by OUCC witness was for changes to Mr. Spanos’ net salvage estimates for 
some transmission and distribution accounts. Mr. Spanos testified OUCC witness Garren proposed 
changes to four transmission and four distribution accounts and, that OUCC witness Garren’s 
adjustments do not follow a methodology that is supported by authoritative texts. Mr. Spanos 
explained that OUCC witness Garren’s use of the last five years as a level for net salvage into the 
future understates the full-service value. Further, Mr. Spanos stated pushing the overall service 
value of existing assets into the future is not equitable to all customers. Mr. Spanos concluded that 
OUCC witness Garren’s resulting proposal for net salvage appears arbitrary and lacks any basis 
beyond reducing the estimates proposed in the depreciation study. 
 
 
Mr. Spanos added that the method of determining the net salvage estimates in the 
depreciation study should not only incorporate analysis of historical net salvage data, but also 
should include consideration of AES Indiana’s operations and expectations for the future as well 
as trends in the electric utility industry. He testified these sources inform the judgment that is then 
used in determining a realistic estimate of the future net salvage, not an estimate that is selected 
only based on historical data. 
 
 
22 
 
E. 
Prepaid Pension Asset. Mr. Felsenthal testified that IG witness Gorman’s 
proposal regarding the net prepaid pension asset balance would deny AES Indiana any return on 
the investor-sourced net prepaid pension asset. Mr. Felsenthal’s testimony showed the buildup of 
the prepaid pension asset from its origination to December 2026 and supported that the source of 
the entire prepaid pension asset is investor capital which requires a return. Mr. Felsenthal testified 
that it is clear investors are the source of net prepaid pension asset and added that because the 
investor-supplied prepaid pension asset reduces pension expense (a direct benefit to customers) as 
well as provides employees the likelihood that amounts will be available to pay their retirement 
benefits, the utility is entitled to a return. Mr. Felsenthal explained that Mr. Gorman’s proposal is 
counter to previous Commission decisions on this issue, and counter to fundamental ratemaking 
principles. Mr. Felsenthal added that Mr. Gorman recommended removing the prepaid pension 
asset from the capital structure but left the related prepaid pension asset accumulated deferred 
income tax (“ADIT”) in the capital structure at zero cost and explained that this is an inconsistent 
and incorrect result. 
 
F. 
ROE and Capital Structure. In response to IG witness Gorman and 
OUCC witness Latham, Mr. Illyes addressed changes to AES Indiana’s cost of debt since filing of 
the case-in-chief that results in a four basis point decrease and a $0.6 million reduction to 
Petitioner’s overall revenue requirement.  
 
 
In response to OUCC witness Latham, Mr. Illyes testified that AES Indiana’s targeted 
capital structure seeks to improve its credit quality by reducing leverage to levels better in line 
with industry standards and Indiana IOUs. He added that the targeted capital structure would still 
leave AES Indiana with the lowest equity layer among Indiana IOUs. Mr. Illyes explained that, all 
things being equal, the additional costs seen from an increased equity layer would be partially 
offset by a reduced cost of debt, due to the resulting improvement in AES Indiana’s credit metrics 
from the lower leverage and corresponding improvement in its credit ratings. He testified that 
ratepayers benefit from the proposed capital structure, as the increased equity component leads to 
a reduction in leverage which improves the financial integrity of Petitioner, making it better 
positioned to support service, reliability and continuous improvement with the ability to attract 
quality capital at a reasonable cost for the benefit of customers. 
 
 
With respect to benefits, Mr. Illyes further explained that rating agencies evaluate capital 
structures qualitatively through their evaluation of the overall regulatory environment, judging 
predictability, full and timely cost recovery, and a regulatory environment supportive of an utility’s 
financial integrity compared to other states and the consistency that orders are issued across their 
jurisdiction, including the approval of a fair capital structure. He stated utilities are evaluated 
quantitatively through their financial metrics, of which capital structure is a major factor. Mr. Illyes 
explained that being overleveraged compared to AES Indiana’s peers negatively affects these 
calculations, reducing AES Indiana’s overall credit metrics and resulting in lower credit ratings.  
 
 
Mr. Illyes testified that OUCC witness Latham failed to consider how a downward 
adjustment to OUCC witness Courter’s ROE would impact AES Indiana’s credit ratings, which 
could impact the cost of debt and the WACC. He stated that a downgrade from the rating agencies 
could lead to an increase in AES Indiana’s borrowing cost for its short-term debt, since Petitioner’s 
revolving credit facility is tied to its credit ratings. He testified the lower credit ratings would lead 
23 
 
to a higher cost of debt, increasing the overall WACC of AES Indiana, which could negatively 
impact customers. 
 
 
Mr. Illyes testified that lower credit ratings could impact AES Indiana’s ability to access 
capital markets, which could impair Petitioner’s ability to deliver service at a reasonable cost to 
customers. Mr. Illyes stated that maintaining a solid investment grade profile is important to ensure 
AES Indiana has reliable access to the credit markets at attractive interest rates during all types of 
economic cycles and added that AES Indiana has future capital expenditures related to ongoing 
investments to maintain and improve the utility systems that require access to capital markets on 
a regular basis. 
 
 
Mr. Illyes testified that rejecting a fair return on equity could hinder AES Indiana’s ability 
to attract capital needed for continued investments. Messrs. Illyes and McKenzie testified that the 
below market OUCC ROE recommendation of 9.00% with an additional 0.50% reduction, 
resulting in an 8.50% ROE, would signal a negative shift in Indiana’s regulatory environment by 
both the credit rating agencies and the capital markets. Mr. Illyes added that an 8.50% ROE would 
represent a fundamental shift in underlying investment decisions, which has led AES to invest in 
AES Indiana and Indiana for the benefit of customers. He testified this shift would risk the ability 
of AES Indiana to attract both the equity and debt capital necessary to make the investments needed 
for Petitioner to continue to provide safe and reliable service at a reasonable cost, while supporting 
economic development for the benefit of customers and community. 
 
 
Mr. Illyes testified the utilities are evaluated quantitatively through financial metrics, of 
which ROE is a major factor and explained that a higher ROE leads to greater cashflow, which in 
turn improves the overall credit metrics of AES Indiana and leads to higher credit ratings. He stated 
higher credit ratings result in a lower cost of debt and overall WACC, which benefits customers. 
 
 
Mr. Illyes testified that even with the correction to its revenue requirement calculation 
presented by Ms. Aliff, the OUCC’s recommended result would impair AES Indiana’s ongoing 
operation and ability to make investments at a reasonable cost. He concluded that the 
recommendations put forth by the OUCC could harm ratepayers, as it would drive up the cost of 
debt and decrease investment appetite for utilities across Indiana. 
 
 
Mr. McKenzie discussed the opposing witnesses’ ROE recommendations, and presented 
comparable ROE benchmarks that provide a basis to gauge the reasonableness of the 
recommendations. Mr. McKenzie testified the opposing witnesses’ ROE recommendations fall 
below the national average authorized ROEs, once adjusted for current interest rates. Mr. 
McKenzie testified that this ROE disparity is even more evident when considering that utility bond 
yields remain elevated since an ROE of 9.90% was approved for AES Indiana.  
 
 
Mr. McKenzie stated the recommended ROE by opposing witnesses is inconsistent with 
economic reasoning, given that capital costs have increased. He stated consideration of current 
interest rates and allowed ROEs for other electric utilities demonstrate that the ROE 
recommendations of the opposing witnesses are too low.  
 
24 
 
 
Mr. McKenzie added that objective indicators of capital costs support the view that recently 
allowed ROEs nationwide and in Indiana have not kept pace with the upward move in capital costs 
that began in 2022. He stated capital costs have not declined since April 2024 when AES Indiana’s 
current ROE of 9.90% was established. He stated it is inconceivable that AES Indiana’s ROE could 
have fallen 65 basis points to an average ROE of 9.25% over a period when capital costs have 
remained elevated. He testified that the recommended decrease in AES Indiana’s ROE does not 
follow the fundamental principles of finance since capital costs have increased.  
 
 
Mr. McKenzie explained that adjusting national average allowed ROEs for 2020-2025 to 
account for the recent rise in bond yields implies a current cost of equity of 10.38%. He added that 
ROEs during times of comparable bond yields implies a current cost of equity of 10.33%. Mr. 
McKenzie explained that expected earned returns for the utilities in the opposing witnesses’ proxy 
groups suggest an ROE in range of 11.0 to 11.1% for AES Indiana. 
 
 
Mr. McKenzie testified that numerous flaws undermine the ROE analyses of the opposing 
witnesses, including: their reliance on a range of data that fails to reflect investors’ expectations 
and current capital market conditions; their application of financial models in a manner that is 
inconsistent with their underlying assumptions; the failure to evaluate model inputs and exclude 
illogical results; and the application of CAPM that fail to capture a realistic appraisal of investors’ 
forward-looking expectations and ignore the implications of firm size, which biases the resulting 
cost of equity estimates downward. Mr. McKenzie also stated the most recent long-term consensus 
projections from top economists published by Blue Chip document that bond yields are expected 
to remain elevated when compared to recent historical levels. 
 
 
Mr. McKenzie testified that there is no basis to assume that investors reference long-term 
forecasts of Gross Domestic Product in developing their expectations for utilities. He explained 
that there is no basis for the suggestion that regulatory mechanisms approved for AES Indiana or 
its use of a forward test year differentiate AES Indiana’s risks from the proxy utilities.  
 
 
Finally, Mr. McKenzie discussed the ROE comments of Walmart witness Lyon, CAC 
witness Inskeep, and OUCC witness Latham. Mr. McKenzie stated that comparisons of permitted 
ROEs are just one factor and added that while this data can be useful in the Commission’s 
deliberations, it is not a substitute for the detailed analyses presented in his direct testimony. He 
added that historical average ROEs do not reflect current capital market conditions. Mr. McKenzie 
stated Walmart witness Lyon wrongly suggested that a lower ROE is to the customers’ benefit. Mr. 
McKenzie explained that while a downward-biased ROE may provide the illusion of customer 
“savings” in the form of a lower revenue requirement in the short-term, the long-term impact of 
an inadequate ROE can work to the disadvantage of customers and the Indiana economy. Mr. 
McKenzie explained that the ROE is the primary signal to investors, not only with respect to 
attracting new capital investment, but also in supporting existing utility operations. Mr. McKenzie 
added that while AES Indiana would undoubtedly continue to meet its service obligations to 
customers, a downward-biased ROE would send a signal to the investment community. 
 
 
Mr. McKenzie stated CAC witness Inskeep’s and OUCC witness Latham’s 
recommendation that the Commission significantly reduce AES Indiana’s ROE is unsupported by 
evidence. Mr. McKenzie explained that taken as a whole, the opposing witnesses’ recommended 
25 
 
ROEs fall below a fair and reasonable level for AES Indiana. Finally, Mr. McKenzie explained 
that the opposing witnesses’ criticisms of his size adjustment, market return calculation, Empirical 
CAPM (“ECAPM”), risk premium method, expected earnings approach, and non-utility DCF 
analysis are without merit. 
 
G. 
Test Year Revenue and Operating Expenses. 
 
1. 
Amortization Expense. Ms. Aliff testified that reducing base rates 
to account for the end of amortization is not sound ratemaking practice and stated that there are no 
other expenses used in calculating base rates that are adjusted between rate cases. She explained 
that AES Indiana’s proposed three-year amortization period is reasonably aligned with the period 
the rates established in this Cause are expected to be in effect. 
 
2. 
Base Cost of Fuel and FAC Procedure. Mr. Dickerson testified 
that AES Indiana accepted OUCC witness Eckert’s recommendation to continue the current FAC 
procedural agreement. Mr. Dickerson disagreed with OUCC witness Eckert’s recommendation 
regarding the base cost of fuel, explaining that Mr. Eckert’s proposal is not consistent with AES 
Indiana’s forward-looking, data-driven fuel projection which is based on actual market conditions, 
contractual obligations, and operational realities. Mr. Dickerson explained that Petitioner’s 
methodology is intended to create a stable base cost of fuel for customers and added that AES 
Indiana’s fuel cost forecasting and dispatch modeling approach has been consistently accepted by 
the Commission and stakeholders as reasonable and reliable. Mr. Dickerson testified that setting 
the base cost of fuel using a different methodology creates a mismatch in the FAC forecasting 
process, leading to potentially greater volatility in the FAC rider rates and would mark a departure 
from the current method Indiana electric utilities follow. Mr. Dickerson explained that OUCC 
witness Eckert’s assertion that AES Indiana’s base cost of fuel would be the highest in Indiana 
does not account for the unique generation mix and infrastructure investments that differentiate 
AES Indiana’s service territory and also does not consider timing differences as each utility’s base 
cost of fuel gets updated through rate case filings. He stated that the OUCC’s proposal would make 
future comparisons between utilities less meaningful as AES Indiana’s base cost of fuel would be 
calculated differently than the other Indiana IOUs. 
 
3. 
Major Storm Reserve. Ms. Coklow explained that Petitioner 
discussed the accounting for the Major Storm reserve and showed AES Indiana correctly reflected 
the Major Storm Reserve mechanism in its filing. She explained that the $6.1 million liability 
included in AES Indiana’s previous rate case was never moved from the balance of the Major 
Storm reserve and thus OUCC witness Lantrip’s discussion mischaracterizes the reserve and fails 
to recognize that the $6.1 million credit is still in the reserve account and is slowly being wound 
down, consistent with the accounting approved in Cause No. 45911. She testified that the $4.431 
million downward adjustment proposed by OUCC witness Lantrip does not reflect the full scope 
of major storm costs incurred by AES Indiana in 2025 or the 2025-2026 portion of the $6.1 million 
credit included in this case and would result in delayed recovery of these costs and a higher balance 
to collect in a future rate case. She concluded that there should not be an additional $2.03 million 
credit to the major storm reserve account included in the revenue requirement in this proceeding. 
She also concluded that the forecasted costs for the April 2025 storm should be included in the 
26 
 
revenue requirement in this case as actual costs for 2025 major storms are higher than the forecast 
included in this case. 
 
 
Mr. Holtsclaw responded to IG witness Gorman’s recommendation to remove contingency 
costs for the April 2, 2025 storm. Mr. Holtsclaw explained that the contingency line in the 
workpaper represents an estimated cost of storm restoration work that was performed but not yet 
invoiced. He testified AES Indiana is still waiting on final invoices but estimated the total cost of 
the April 2, 2025 storm to be $5 million, which was the amount included in this Cause. Mr. 
Holtsclaw stated that actual storm costs in 2025 have exceeded $5 million, which makes Mr. 
Gorman’s concern moot. 
 
4. 
Public Utility Fee. In response to the OUCC proposal regarding the 
public utility fee, Ms. Coklow explained that House Enrolled Act 1001 (2025), signed into law on 
May 6, 2025, modified Ind. Code § 8-1-6-4 with a retroactive effect of January 1, 2025 to change 
the public utility fee from 0.15% to 0.175%. She added that it is a reasonable assumption that the 
public utility fee will reflect the currently effective statutory rate for the 12-month period ending 
December 31, 2026. 
 
5. 
Rate Case Expense. Ms. Aliff updated AES Indiana’s rate case 
expense projection consistent with Petitioner’s practice in its recent rate cases. Ms. Aliff’s update 
showed the “Other” category questioned by OUCC witness Baker decreased from $1.5 million to 
$0.5 million, and total forecasted rate case costs decreased from $4.5 million to $3.2 million. Ms. 
Aliff stated Ms. Baker’s recommendation that AES Indiana provide a final accounting of “Other” 
rate case expenses in its compliance filing is contrary to prior practice and unnecessary considering 
the decreased rate case expense presented in rebuttal.  
 
 
Ms. Aliff explained that the OUCC position on sharing of rate case expense runs contrary 
to Commission practice and would result in treatment for AES Indiana that is different from other 
large public utilities in the state. Ms. Aliff also explained that CAC witness Inskeep’s position that 
rate case expense should be wholly disallowed is inconsistent with decades of Commission 
precedent allowing recovery of such costs. She testified that Petitioner’s current rate case expense 
closely aligns with the rate case expense from its most recent basic rate case and compares 
favorably to past basic rate cases despite the added complexity of this case. Ms. Aliff testified that 
CAC witness Inskeep cited no Commission precedent to support his position that rate case expense 
should be disallowed because the previous case expense has not yet been fully amortized and that 
the continued amortization of unrecovered rate case expense is consistent with past practice. She 
testified that AES Indiana met the Commission’s standard for recovery of rate case expense, and 
it should be recovered as other costs that are reasonably incurred to comply with utility regulation. 
 
6. 
Test Year Sales Forecast. Mr. Russo testified that OUCC witness 
Leader’s recommendation to increase the 2026 test-year sales by 2,126 MWh is based on a 
subjective 25% reduction factor and does not consider the offsetting impact of changes to the 
electric vehicles forecast. Mr. Russo added that the OUCC’s adjustment represents only a 0.039% 
increase in test-year MWh and added that any factor that changes the price of a good or technology 
will impact consumers’ likelihood of purchase. Mr. Russo testified there is uncertainty about the 
future of the solar and EV market, but the impact of these recent changes is difficult to quantify in 
27 
 
an objective manner. He concluded that AES Indiana’s forecasted test-year sales should not be 
changed. 
 
7. 
Uncollectible Expense. Ms. Coklow testified that Petitioner’s 
methodology for calculating uncollectible expense is consistent with the settlement agreements 
approved by the Commission in Cause Nos. 45029, 45911 and 44576. She testified that OUCC 
witness Eckert’s proposal ignores the fact that the historical uncollectible account percentages have 
been trending upward since 2021. She testified that AES Indiana’s approach maintains a consistent 
methodology and provides a balanced and reasonable method for forecasting uncollectible account 
expense by ensuring both high and low outliers are addressed without selectively removing recent 
data that reflects current trends and recommended using AES Indiana’s proposed uncollectible 
expense percentage. 
 
8. 
Vacant Positions. Mr. Dalton refuted the OUCC’s characterization 
of the vacant positions as “phantom” employees or hires. He stated the vacant positions AES 
Indiana included in this case are actual positions, with associated job postings, active job searches, 
interviews, and pending job offers. Mr. Dalton stated that OUCC witness Baker did not identify a 
single position that she claimed was unnecessary or should not be filled. He stated that AES Indiana 
is working to fill all these positions to meet Test Year operating needs. Mr. Dalton testified that the 
OUCC’s testimony does not accurately reflect the record in Cause No. 45911. He testified that 73 
of the 115 positions Ms. Baker testified were vacant as of July 15, 2025 have since been filled. He 
added that the nine customer-facing positions mentioned by OUCC witnesses Baker and Lantrip 
were filled by mid-August. Of the remaining 42 positions, he stated 26 have open requisitions and 
hiring managers are in the process of conducting interviews with candidates. For the remaining 
16, he stated AES Indiana intends to actively source the currently posted positions until they are 
filled and discussed Petitioner efforts to fill vacant positions. Mr. Dalton presented an analysis of 
AES Indiana’s historical vacancy rates over the last five years. Based on this adjusted analysis, 
AES Indiana proposed a reduction to labor, benefits, and payroll taxes of $3.4 million. Mr. Dalton 
stated this is a reasonable reduction based on a measurable average historical vacancy rate and is 
consistent with the Commission’s recent handling of vacant positions. 
 
9. 
Vegetation Management. Mr. Flint testified that the cost of 
vegetation management is primarily driven by market conditions for high-quality line clearance 
arborists and is based on competitively bid and negotiated contracts. He testified that comparing 
AES Indiana’s proposed vegetation management expense in this case to the vegetation 
management expense approved in Petitioner’s last rate case fails to consider numerous factors, 
including market-driven changes in vendor contract rates, labor market pressures, enhanced safety 
and compliance standards, and general inflationary cost pressure and also does not consider the 
change in trimming specifications and associated customer benefits. Mr. Flint disagreed with 
OUCC witness Sanka’s testimony regarding AES Indiana’s analysis of the benefits of extended 
trimming over the historical box cut approach. Mr. Flint testified that AES Indiana has been 
incrementally testing and verifying the benefits associated with extended trimming based on real-
world data using AES Indiana’s actual distribution circuits. He recognized that the character of 
data AES Indiana has collected to date is not the data OUCC witness Sanka prefers, but the results 
Petitioner sees justify continued use of the extended trimming specification. Mr. Flint explained 
that AES Indiana has taken a conservative approach to extrapolating systemwide benefits; its goal 
28 
 
is not to overstate customer benefits, but rather to responsibly scale a program that has 
demonstrated value. Mr. Flint responded to OUCC witness Sanka’s criticisms in detail and 
disagreed that AES Indiana is not managing its vegetation management expense efficiently. He 
explained that vegetation management directly impacts system reliability, and underspending can 
lead to increased outages, safety risks, and long-term operational costs. He explained that if the 
OUCC’s proposal was implemented, AES Indiana would need to revise its cycle length and 
allocation of funds for distribution trimming. He stated that the lack of increased funding would 
result in a significant reduction in the number of miles trimmed each year, which would extend the 
trimming cycle to approximately eight years—a duration longer than AES Indiana would consider 
acceptable. He added that extending the cycle length would also lead to more reactive work 
required under reliability trimming, and would create a much riskier environment for contractors 
and linemen. 
 
 
Mr. Flint stated AES Indiana appreciates IG witness Gorman’s willingness to address the 
role that inflation has played in the increasing costs of vegetation management for AES Indiana 
but added that his approach would leave AES Indiana facing a 6.5-year trimming cycle, which 
exceeds the utility’s goal for vegetation management and could lead to increased future costs.  
 
 
Mr. Flint testified that the assertion that AES Indiana has not provided evidence of a need 
to improve service reliability overlooks the role of proactive system management and the strategic 
use of reliability metrics. He testified indicators such as the System Average Interruption Duration 
Index, System Average Interruption Frequency Index, Customer Interruptions, and Customer 
Minutes Interrupted indices are influenced by multiple factors, including vegetation-related 
outages, which remain a significant contributor to service interruptions across AES Indiana’s 
distribution system. Mr. Flint presented data that highlights the need for continued spending on 
vegetation management and the importance of increasing that spending as proposed by AES 
Indiana. Mr. Flint stated that the costs reflect actual rates AES Indiana has negotiated and that 
extending the trim cycle will improve reliability. Mr. Flint also responded to IG witness Gorman’s 
criticisms of AES Indiana’s analysis and disagreed with his contention that there is reason to 
believe AES Indiana will not spend its forecasted vegetation management expense. Mr. Flint stated 
IG witness Gorman’s proposed transmission and distribution vegetation management expense of 
$31.871 million would not allow AES Indiana to fully implement the five-year cycle using the 
extended trimming specification as outlined in his direct testimony and would undermine the 
reliability and safety improvements the extended specifications are designed to achieve.  
 
 
Mr. Flint testified that CAC witness Inskeep did not identify any vegetation management 
expense that is unreasonable, nor did he provide evidence that refutes the reliability and customer 
benefits from extended trimming identified in Mr. Flint’s direct testimony. With respect to 
affordability, Mr. Flint discussed Petitioner’s effort to mitigate cost impacts and stated that given 
the importance of vegetation management to maintaining system reliability, AES Indiana’s 
proposal reasonably balances the concerns of CAC witness Inskeep. Finally, Mr. Flint noted that, 
as discussed in Ms. Aliff’s direct testimony, Petitioner’s proposed continued use of the Vegetation 
Management Reserve (“Reserve”) protects customers by serving as a cap on vegetation 
management expenses. 
 
 
29 
 
H. 
Rate Base. 
 
1. 
Capital Forecast. 
 
a. 
Production Plant. Mr. Ellis discussed the need at times to 
prioritize work and delay or cancel projects to redeploy funding committed from one project to 
higher priority, emergent projects and AES Indiana’s efforts to work within its capital budget in 
total each year. Mr. Ellis supported the redeployment of forecasted capital from the cancelled 
Harding Street Station Wi-Fi Expansion project to two emergent projects: a fire system at Harding 
Street Station, which had recently developed several leaks in the underground piping throughout 
the facility and the replacement of the acid injection system for Harding Street Station’s Unit 7 
cooling towers, which maintains the pH of the cooling water used throughout Unit 7 and is critical 
to unit reliability. Mr. Ellis recommended that the redeployment of forecasted capital investment 
be approved despite OUCC opposition. 
 
b. 
Transmission & Distribution. Mr. Faller responded to 
OUCC witness Kelley’s testimony regarding accounting for transformers and testified that the way 
Petitioner accounts for transformers is consistent with FERC guidance, and that there is no 
potential for double recovery. Mr. Faller stated that the amounts identified by the OUCC are 
appropriately included in this filing. 
 
 
Mr. Holtsclaw testified that AES Indiana has not been notified by the developer that the 
Indy Eleven Ph. 1 Stadium project has been cancelled and thus disagreed with the OUCC’s 
proposal to reduce the capital forecast by the amount of this project. He added that if the stadium 
project moves forward the Test Year capital forecast will align with Test Year rates, which is the 
purpose of using a forward-looking test period. He stated that if the project is not completed by 
Test Year end, then it will not be included in rate base due to the true up mechanism presented in 
the direct testimony of Ms. Aliff. 
 
 
Mr. Holtsclaw also disagreed with the OUCC’s proposal to remove certain costs associated 
with corporate furniture expense from the forecast. He explained that the 2025 and 2026 projects 
include new office furniture for office moves and replacing obsolete furniture and stated the 
forecasted costs are reasonable and in line with historical spending. 
 
 
Mr. Holtsclaw testified that the Monrovia Battery Energy Storage System land purchase 
would be addressed as necessary through the Test Year end rate base true-up mechanism sponsored 
by Ms. Aliff. 
 
 
Mr. Holtsclaw also disagreed with OUCC witness Kelley that capital costs associated with 
new reclosers added to the system outside of Petitioner’s TDSIC Plan should be removed from the 
capital forecast. Mr. Holtsclaw stated he disagreed with OUCC witness Kelley’s contention that 
including these costs in the forecast would disincentivize AES Indiana to seek warranty 
replacements from the manufacturers. Mr. Holtsclaw explained that the budgeted capital costs 
assume warranty replacements by the manufacturers when applicable and that the remaining 
replacement costs that are not covered by the manufacturer’s warranty. 
30 
 
 
Finally, Mr. Holtsclaw disagreed with Mr. Kelley’s proposal to reduce the capital forecast 
by an amount equal to four additional projects. Mr. Holtsclaw explained that the amounts initial 
forecasted for the VW Electric Vehicle Fast Charging Project were reallocated to the IndyGo Blue 
Line project. With respect to the PMAC Display Software License project, Mr. Holtsclaw stated 
discovery responses inadvertently reported this project as cancelled but the project had been moved 
from 2025 to 2026 and is anticipated to be in service by the end of the 2026 Test Year. He stated 
the costs initially budgeted for the remaining two projects were reallocated to the new Indiana 
Fever Practice Facilities, Capital Tools and Equipment, and IndyGo Blue Line projects. Mr. 
Holtsclaw recommended all the forecasted costs remain in the Test Year subject to the Test Year 
end true-up presented by Ms. Aliff. 
 
c. 
Digital Improvements. Mr. Orr explained that the $8.95 
million of capital improvements mentioned by OUCC witness Lantrip are not related to the issues 
that arose with the new billing system issues, which were remediated. He explained that this is a 
capital investment in a new Interactive Voice Response (“IVR”)/Telephony system, which supports 
AES Indiana’s call center operations and provides customers with self service capabilities to pay 
bills, request bill plans, request services, and report outages. Mr. Orr testified that the 
IVR/Telephony System is a key technical capability, which allows customers’ needs to be met 
quickly. Mr. Orr explained that AES Indiana’s existing IVR/Telephony system is no longer 
supported by the original vendor and the advanced age of the underlying hardware puts it at a 
higher risk of failure. He testified the new IVR/Telephony solution will remove this risk, ensure 
customers continue to have these key self-service capabilities, and provide a foundation to expand 
the self-service offering beyond what is provided by the existing IVR/Telephony system. 
 
 
Mr. Orr testified that AES Indiana’s existing website was initially placed in service in 2014. 
He stated the Website/IT Design investment is necessary to modernize online customer contact 
and self-service channels. He testified this will enhance operations and provide other benefits. 
 
 
Mr. Orr explained that the CIS enhancements questioned by witness Lantrip are part of the 
natural evolution of the CIS platform as AES Indiana continues to focus on optimizing technology 
platforms in support of customers. Messrs. Orr and Bramley explained that at its peak, the ACE 
Project transition issues impacted approximately 12% of customers and were remediated by 
August 2024. Mr. Orr testified that the majority of AES Indiana’s customers saw no adverse 
impact. 
 
d. 
Fuel Oil Inventory. Mr. Dickerson explained that AES 
Indiana agreed with OUCC witness Eckert’s recommendation of adopting a fuel oil inventory level 
of 800,128 gallons but stated that the correct value of the updated inventory balance would be 
$1,703,799, not $1,703,801 as reflected in OUCC witness Eckert’s testimony.  
 
2. 
Riders. Ms. Aliff explained why she disagreed with Walmart 
witness Lyon’s position regarding the elimination of riders. Mr. Miller explained how property tax 
expense is subject to significant variability in annual tax assessments and added that the cause of 
the variability is generally due to factors outside of Petitioner’s control and therefore results in 
significant uncertainty in forecasting property tax expenses in the future Test Year in this 
31 
 
proceeding. Mr. Miller’s rebuttal testimony outlined the ways in which the PTA rider would benefit 
customers. 
 
I. 
COSS/Rate Design. Mr. Rogers explained that Mr. Rimal’s COSS show 
that commercial and industrial (“C&I”) customers have been subsidizing residential customers. 
Mr. Rimal recommended that this subsidy be reduced, which is consistent with the principle of 
cost causation. Mr. Rogers testified that AES Indiana has sought to reduce the subsidy provided to 
the residential customer class by other customer classes in each of its three most recent rates cases 
and is attempting to do so in this Cause. 
 
 
Mr. Rimal responded to OUCC witness Deupree, IG witness York and CAC witness Barnes 
as summarized by topic below: 
 
1. 
Demand-Related Production Cost. Mr. Rimal testified that he 
classified costs associated with production plant as being demand-related and used the FERC 12CP 
method to allocate these costs to the various rate classes. Mr. Rimal explained why he disagreed 
with OUCC witness Deupree’s concerns with this classification. He testified once installed and 
part of the utility’s overall portfolio, any generation asset is available for dispatch at any time. He 
added that the production plant costs are fixed in nature and do not vary with the amount of energy 
generated. Mr. Rimal stated the demand classification method used recognizes that the utility may 
call on any of the resources during the peak periods. He testified the CP method provides incentive 
for customers to improve their load factor, which is a desirable outcome. Mr. Rimal explained that 
the classification of fixed production plant as demand is based on cost causation and encourages 
efficient utilization of the system and stated this practice should be continued. He testified AES 
Indiana has consistently used this same classification and allocation method at least since 1994, if 
not before. He testified that all Indiana IOUs classify production plant as entirely demand-related 
and it has been a Commission practice to approve such classification.  
 
 
Mr. Rimal noted that IG witness York stated that the CP method of cost allocation continues 
to be the most appropriate method of allocating AES Indiana's investment in production facilities 
but claimed that 4CP is superior to 12 CP. Mr. Rimal disagreed with Ms. York’s concerns regarding 
the FERC tests and results. Mr. Rimal stated that the Commission has relied on the results of the 
FERC tests. Mr. Rimal testified that AES Indiana schedules its maintenance during the off-peak 
and shoulder months and added that the system capacity reserve often is not much different in the 
off-peak and shoulder months than it is in the peak months. 
 
 
Mr. Rimal testified City of Indianapolis witness Sommer recommended that AES Indiana’s 
cost of service methodology be based on 4CP because it better reflects the lighting class demand 
on the system. Mr. Rimal disagreed, explaining that if the contribution to the monthly peaks by the 
lighting class goes down as a result of LED lights, 12CP would capture such reduction. Mr. Rimal 
stated Mr. Sommer has not provided any evidence suggesting why a 4CP allocator is better than a 
12CP allocator. 
 
2. 
Classification of Distribution Costs. Mr. Rimal followed the 
Electric Utility Cost Allocation Manual published by NARUC to conduct a MSS to calculate the 
classification factors used to distribute the cost of poles, conductors, and conduits between 
32 
 
customer and demand. He explained that the costs of certain distribution assets are not only related 
to demand and that AES Indiana has classified these distribution plant accounts between customer 
and demand in past cases. He stated that the Commission has affirmed the use of MSS to classify 
certain distribution costs as customer-related.  
 
 
Mr. Rimal explained that the basic customer approach recommended by CAC witness 
Barnes is not a recognized classification method by NARUC for embedded COSS. Mr. Rimal 
explained that the classification of pole and conductor costs between customer and demand is an 
established practice in Indiana and continues to be based on cost causation. Mr. Rimal believes 
this classification method should continue to be approved by the Commission. 
 
3. 
Revenue Distribution and Mitigation. Mr. Rimal disagreed with 
OUCC witness Deupree’s position regarding AES Indiana’s proposal to cap the proposed rate 
increases at 1.3 times the proposed system average coupled with no reduction to any rate class. 
Mr. Rimal explained that the main goal of this proposal was to reduce the inter-class subsidies and 
move classes closer to their cost of service, while ensuring that impacts on any one particular class 
is moderated. He testified the 1.3 times constraint was put in place due to gradualism 
considerations. Mr. Rimal showed that the cap of 1.15 times the system increase proposed by Mr. 
Deupree is restrictive and fails to reduce the current subsidy provided by rate classes.  
 
 
Mr. Rimal disagreed with CAC witness Inskeep’s proposal that the revenue increase for 
the residential class should be no greater than the system average increase. Mr. Rimal testified that 
Mr. Inskeep’s proposed outcome would be opposite of cost causation. He stated the residential 
class at current rates are receiving a subsidy of around $52 million from other classes. Mr. Rimal 
testified that if the rate increase for the residential class is capped at 1.15 times the system average 
increase, the subsidy received would increase. 
 
 
Mr. Rimal testified IG witness York’s concerns about subsidy levels have merit; AES 
Indiana also considered affordability for each class and determined that the revenue increase 
experienced by certain classes should be mitigated to moderate the impacts on those classes. Mr. 
Rimal stated the goal is to move all rate classes towards their cost of service.  
 
 
In response to City of Indianapolis witness Sommer, Mr. Rimal stated his proposal to tie 
the revenue increase of one rate schedule to another rate schedule is counter to the concept of cost 
causation. Mr. Rimal testified the revenue allocated to each class should reflect the cost of 
providing service to that class, subject to other considerations like gradualism. 
 
 
Mr. Rimal updated his mitigation proposal to reflect the reduction to the total revenue 
requirement reflected in Petitioner’s rebuttal filing. 
 
4. 
Rate Design. 
 
a. 
Cost Basis for Customer Charge. Mr. Rimal explained that 
OUCC witness Deupree’s and CAC witness Barnes’s calculations did not accurately capture the 
customer-related costs. Mr. Rimal testified that AES Indiana proposes to recover about 17% of the 
fixed costs from residential class and about 18% of the fixed costs from the Small Secondary rate 
33 
 
schedule in the proposed customer charge. He added that the proposed customer charge recovers 
about 59% of the customer costs for the residential class and about 88% of the customer costs for 
the Small Secondary rate schedule. Mr. Rimal explained that the portion of the costs contained in 
administrative and general costs, uncollectible costs, supervision and engineering costs, and 
customer-related costs should be part of any customer charge calculations. Mr. Rimal explained 
that the recommendations of OUCC witness Deupree and CAC witness Barnes would not result 
in efficient pricing. Mr. Rimal testified that setting the volumetric rates higher by lumping fixed 
costs into the variable charge distorts the price signals provided to customers. Mr. Rimal testified 
that the rate design proposed in this proceeding recovers a portion of the fixed costs in the variable 
energy charge, thereby overstating the marginal cost of energy. Mr. Rimal stated the declining 
block rate structure represents a compromise approach, in which successively larger rate blocks 
move closer to the marginal cost of energy. Mr. Rimal added that the declining block rate design 
reduces the variability of AES Indiana’s earnings associated with year-to-year fluctuations in usage 
and can provide benefit to weather-sensitive customers who would not see their bills fluctuate as 
widely in response to weather variations. Mr. Rimal explained that the Commission has previously 
determined that recovering demand-related costs in a declining block rate is more cost-justified 
than recovering through a flat volumetric rate. 
 
 
Mr. Rimal showed that the rate structure proposed by CAC witness Barnes would harm the 
low-income/high-usage customers, while only providing a smaller benefit to the low-income/low- 
usage customers. Mr. Rimal added that one could draw the same conclusion regarding the impact 
on non-low-income/high-usage customers, i.e., disproportionate negative impact on high users 
while small positive impact on low users. Mr. Rimal stated a distorted rate structure that recovers 
a significant portion of fixed cost in variable charges will continue or even exacerbate the intra-
class subsidy that currently exists. He explained that that even though energy conservation and 
energy efficiency are a desirable policy objective, distorting price signals to achieve energy 
efficiency goes counter to achieving economic efficiency. 
 
b. 
Multi-Family Rate. Mr. Rimal disagreed with CAC witness 
Barnes that multi-family customers require less distribution infrastructure than non-multi-family 
customers. Mr. Rimal explained that the primary distribution infrastructure needed will not be 
different whether you are serving multi-family or non-multi-family customers. He added that it is 
not clear whether the amount of secondary distribution infrastructure would be significantly 
different whether a utility is serving multi-family or non-multi-family customers. Mr. Rimal 
concluded that the cost of serving multi-family customers and non-multi-family customers are not 
significantly different and a separate multi-family rate is not warranted at this time. Mr. Rimal 
added that the billing system as currently designed and implemented does not have a flag to 
indicate the housing type and the count of units and testified that creating such a field would require 
additional time and resources. Finally, Mr. Rimal testified that reducing the revenues collected 
from multi-family residential customers would shift the revenue burden to non-multi-family 
residential customers and will increase their rates. 
 
c. 
Rate Design for Secondary Service (Large). In response to 
Kroger witness Bieber, Mr. Rimal testified that his biggest concern with increasing the demand 
charge further, while reducing the energy charge for Rate SL, is the resulting bill impacts on certain 
34 
 
customers, especially the low load factor customers. Mr. Rimal testified that Mr. Bieber’s proposal 
would have bill impacts that are more dispersed than Mr. Rimal’s proposal.  
 
d. 
Lighting Analysis. Mr. Rimal testified AES Indiana 
provided a complete analysis as contemplated by the settlement agreement in Cause No. 45911. 
 
J. 
Other Matters. 
 
1. 
Executive Compensation. Mr. Dalton testified that IPALCO Form 
10-K/A information relied upon by OUCC witness Latham directly contradicts his statements 
about the AES Indiana’s executive compensation. Mr. Dalton also testified that the parent company 
corporate executive compensation and board member payments referenced by OUCC witness 
Latham are not included in AES Indiana’s proposed revenue requirement. Mr. Dalton testified that 
for the executives serving in the roles identified by Mr. Latham, Petitioner’s proposed revenue 
requirement reflects approximately $4.27 million in compensation costs. Mr. Dalton testified that 
it is appropriate for AES Indiana to pay its executives some amount in order to attract and retain 
highly qualified individuals, and explained that the amount paid by AES Indiana to executives 
reasonably aligns with the median of the market, based on benchmarking that is consistent with 
industry practices. 
 
2. 
Environmental Issues. Mr. Cuadra disagreed with CAC witness 
Inskeep’s characterization of Petitioner and explained that AES Indiana complies with the 
regulations related to coal combustion residuals disposal and management which result in asset 
retirement obligations reflecting the associated cost of compliance. 
 
3. 
Potential Data Center Load. Ms. Davis-Handy testified that data 
centers provide a significant economic development opportunity for Indiana, but she also 
recognized there are concerns about these large-scale developments and the energy they consume. 
She testified AES Indiana does not currently have any data center customers, and no such load is 
expected during the 2026 Test Year being used in this rate review proceeding. She stated that 
should large loads develop in Petitioner’s service area, AES Indiana expects to address it at that 
time, and will seek any necessary approvals from the Commission in a separate cause.  
 
 
Mr. Rogers testified that he disagreed with CAC witness Inskeep’s proposal that AES 
Indiana’s Phase 2 rates be denied based on the potential that new data centers could take service 
in 2027 and beyond. Mr. Rogers explained that AES Indiana’s filing utilizes a forward-looking test 
period determined on the basis of projected data for the 12 months beginning on January 1, 2026, 
and ending December 31, 2026, which is allowed by statute. Ind. Code § 8-1-2-42.7(d) and added 
that the two-step rate increase is a commonly used and well understood mechanism to comply with 
the used and useful requirement. Mr. Rogers testified that it is premature to assess the cost 
allocation and customer safeguard concerns raised by Mr. Inskeep because the characteristics of 
this type of potential new load and the estimated costs to serve it are not yet known. Mr. Rogers 
stated these matters can be addressed by the Commission in the future. 
 
 
35 
 
4. 
Rate Implementation. In response to OUCC witness Eckert and IG 
witness York, Ms. Aliff clarified that AES Indiana proposes to implement Phase 1 rates for service 
rendered on and after the date the Commission approves Petitioner’s new tariff, assuming that 
approval comes expeditiously and no more than 20 days after AES Indiana files its compliance 
tariffs in this proceeding. She testified Petitioner proposes Phase 2 rates will be effective on a 
service rendered basis on the date that Petitioner’s rate base certification is made or January 1, 
2027, whichever is later. 
 
5. 
Storm Reporting. Mr. Holtsclaw testified that AES Indiana agrees 
with OUCC witness Eckert’s recommendations regarding storm reporting requirements and added 
that Petitioner has already been and intends to continue to follow the agreed-upon criteria for storm 
reporting. 
 
6. 
Streetlighting Matters. Ms. Aliff testified that AES Indiana plans 
to submit the report from Cause No. 45911 in accordance with the previously established 2026 
deadline. 
 
7. 
TDSIC Plan. Mr. Holtsclaw responded to CAC witness Inskeep’s 
statement regarding increased investment due to the TDSIC spending. Mr. Holtsclaw explained 
that Mr. Inskeep does not identify any TDSIC spending that he considers unjust and unreasonable, 
nor does he provide any evidence that recovery of this investment is not in the public interest. Mr. 
Holtsclaw added that AES Indiana’s TDSIC investments are made pursuant to the TDSIC plan 
approved by the Commission in Cause No. 45264 and are subject to review in separate TDSIC 
proceedings.  
 
14. 
Settlement Overview. The Settlement Agreement resolves all pending issues in 
this Cause among the Settling Parties, which does not include the OUCC or the CAC. The 
Settlement Agreement, admitted into the record as Joint Exhibit No. 1, is attached to this Order, 
and is incorporated by reference. We discuss the terms of the Settlement Agreement and supporting 
evidence and the opposition evidence below. 
 
A. 
Settling Parties’ Testimony. Mr. Rogers testified that AES Indiana’s initial 
case-in-chief supported an incremental revenue deficiency of $192.9 million, which Petitioner 
proposed to implement in two steps – 4.5% in Phase 1 ($85.4 million) and 5.6% in Phase 2 ($107.5 
million). He stated that updates and concessions reflected in AES Indiana’s rebuttal reduced the 
revenue deficiency to $187.2 million, which reduced the overall rate revenue increase to 9.5%. Mr. 
Rogers stated that Settling Parties have agreed to a revenue increase of $90.7 million, which further 
reduces the overall revenue increase to 4.7%. He stated AES Indiana proposes implementing the 
settled increase in two steps. The Phase 1 rate increase of approximately 1.9% ($35.1 million) 
would be implemented upon issuance of the Commission’s Final Order approving the Settlement 
Agreement and subsequent tariff approval. The Phase 2 increase of approximately 2.8% ($55.6 
million) would be implemented in January 2027 in accordance with the process set forth in 
Petitioner’s Exhibit No. 27. 
 
 
36 
 
 
Mr. Rogers stated that while the agreed increase is less than AES Indiana originally 
requested, much of that difference reflects the resolution of the issue regarding which depreciation 
methodology to use, agreement on reduced ROE, and creative problem solving with respect to 
vegetation management. He testified that the agreed reduction also reflects an update to AES 
Indiana’s cost of debt, use of ratemaking constructs, such as longer amortization periods, to 
mitigate the rate impact on customers, and Petitioner’s effort to be responsive to the overall 
concerns raised in this proceeding. 
 
 
Mr. Rogers testified that AES Indiana invited all parties to participate in the settlement 
negotiations. He stated that the OUCC and CAC declined to participate; all other parties engaged 
in the process. Mr. Rogers testified that providing a comprehensive settlement package to the 
Commission reduces controversy and facilitates the efficient processing of this rate review 
proceeding. He stated the Settling Parties were able to consider and evaluate the issues and 
positions of all parties, including the OUCC and CAC due to the prefiled testimony. Mr. Rogers 
stated that the Settling Parties reached a settlement that is comprehensive, balanced and reflects 
compromise that occurs in the negotiation process.  
 
 
Mr. Rogers testified that, taken as a whole, the Settlement Agreement represents the result 
of arm’s-length negotiations by a diverse group of stakeholders with differing views on the issues 
raised in the docket. He stated the Settlement Agreement incorporates concessions by AES Indiana, 
including a reduction to the proposed revenue increase by 53%. Mr. Rogers stated that while all 
customer classes benefit from the negotiated reduction in the revenue requirement, the residential 
customer class received the greatest benefit in terms of the monetary reduction to its revenue 
requirement. In his opinion, the Settlement Agreement is in the public interest and reasonably 
resolves all issues in this docket. 
 
 
IG witness Gorman testified that the Settlement Agreement results in a revenue deficiency 
of approximately $90.7 million, which is over 50% less than the $192.9 million revenue deficiency 
initially sought by AES Indiana in its case-in-chief. He stated the agreed upon revenue requirement 
reflects total reductions equal to about 75% of the total value of the adjustments proposed by the 
IG. 
 
 
Mr. Rogers presented a bill analysis showing that AES Indiana’s residential bill will remain 
comparatively low. Mr. Elliot showed that actual bills for AES Indiana’s customers remain in line 
with median income growth in Marion County, Indiana, and that the proposed Settlement 
Agreement reduces the share of wallet percentages estimated for the years 2026 and 2027. He 
testified that the reduction in the revenue requirement and associated rates and charges improves 
affordability for AES Indiana’s customers and added that Petitioner will continue to offer programs 
and services that are designed to help customers save energy and money.  
 
 
IG witness Gorman testified that about 59% of AES Indiana’s requested revenue increase 
was tied to the return on and of new rate base which had been pre-approved for recovery. 
Accordingly, he stated that a portion of AES Indiana’s requested increase was not subject to 
litigation risk. Mr. Gorman stated that as such, the agreed upon reduction in revenue requirement 
cannot simply be evaluated against the total base revenue increase in Petitioner’s case-in-chief, but 
rather, needs to be viewed against the amount which was truly subject to potential modification by 
37 
 
the Commission through litigation. Mr. Gorman stated that, taking that into consideration, the 
agreed ROE and the agreement to utilize the ALG method to calculate depreciation expense were 
important concessions. In his opinion, the total package, including the O&M adjustments, is a 
reasonable balance between the interests of both AES Indiana and its ratepayers. 
 
 
IG witness Gorman testified the overall outcome reflects a balance between the interest on 
the part of the utility for just compensation for its dedication of its prudent investments to the 
public use and the interests in customers avoiding excessive charges for their use of the system. 
He stated the Settlement Agreement was the product of arm’s length negotiations conducted in 
good faith by a range of parties with diverse interests represented by competent counsel. Despite 
differing viewpoints on particular issues, the Settling Parties were able to achieve consensus on 
the terms of the Settlement Agreement resolving all issues in this case. In his opinion, the 
Settlement Agreement, taken as a whole, is a reasonable resolution and consistent with sound 
ratemaking principles. 
 
 
Walmart witness Lyon agreed that the Settlement Agreement represents significant 
compromise between the Settling Parties based on the evidence presented on the issues in this 
Cause. He added that while he understands that not all parties have joined, Walmart does believe 
that the Settlement Agreement as an overall resolution of this Cause represents a fair and 
reasonable compromise that attempts to address affordability in the economic interest of AES 
Indiana’s ratepayers. 
 
 
The Settling Parties further supported the specific Settlement Agreement terms as 
summarized below and recommend the Commission approve, without modification, the 
Settlement Agreement as a just and reasonable resolution of the issues in this Cause: 
 
1. 
Section I.A.2(a) (Cost of Capital). AES Indiana completed a debt 
issuance at a cost lower than what was reflected in the forecast. This reduced cost was reflected in 
Petitioner’s rebuttal filing and is also reflected in the Settlement Agreement. 
 
2. 
Section I.A.2(b) (Cost of Capital). The Settling Parties have agreed 
to an authorized ROE of 9.75%, which is a 15-basis point reduction to the 9.90% ROE that the 
Commission authorized in AES Indiana’s most recent base rate case. Mr. Rogers testified this 
downward reduction is significant given market evidence showing cost of capital has increased. 
Mr. Rogers stated that the agreed ROE is 45 basis points below the low end of the range presented 
by Petitioner’s ROE expert. 
 
 
Mr. Rogers testified that even after giving effect to the increase of equity in AES Indiana’s 
capital structure, AES Indiana would continue to have the lowest authorized equity layer 
component of its capital structure relative to its in-state peers. He stated the return to shareholder 
(equity) portion of the return on rate base is lower in comparison to other Indiana utilities and this 
structure incentivizes Petitioner to continue to manage its business efficiently to support credit 
metrics while paying debt service and meeting operational needs. 
 
 
38 
 
 
Mr. Rogers explained that, in reaching its decision to agree to this ROE, AES Indiana 
considered the positions taken regarding the transition of Petitioner’s billing system, utility rate 
increases, and affordability. Mr. Rogers testified that ROE is important to AES Indiana’s financial 
health and added that failure to provide a return consistent with market expectations could 
eventually increase financing costs, which may be recovered from customers. 
 
 
IG witness Gorman testified that the 9.75% ROE is within his recommended range and is 
well below the range recommended by AES Indiana’s witness McKenzie. Mr. Gorman added that 
the agreed upon ROE is also lower than AES Indiana’s current authorized ROE of 9.90%. Given 
the totality of the evidence in this case, Mr. Gorman considered the 9.75% ROE to be reasonable. 
 
 
Walmart witness Lyon also supported the Settlement Agreement ROE. He explained for 
the purposes of settlement, Walmart believes that the 9.75% ROE provides AES Indiana the 
opportunity to earn a fair return while still protecting customers’ expectations of safe and reliable 
service at just and reasonable rates. He added that the agreed-upon ROE of 9.75% constitutes a 
reduction in AES Indiana’s currently authorized ROE, which Walmart believes reflects a 
meaningful compromise by AES Indiana and responds to the concerns on critical issues of 
affordability for AES Indiana’s ratepayers. 
 
3. 
Section I.A.2(c) (Cost of Capital). IG witness Gorman and AES 
Indiana witness Rogers testified that, similar to the settlements reached in Petitioner’s last two rate 
cases, Section I.A.2(c) of the Settlement Agreement reflects a Prepaid Pension Asset of $100.3 
million (reduced from $133.5 million) to be included in AES Indiana’s capital structure. Mr. 
Rogers stated that this item, together with the foregone equity return on the billing system agreed 
to in Section I.A.10. of the Settlement Agreement, has the effect of reducing AES Indiana’s return 
on equity to approximately 9.63%. 
 
4. 
Section I.A.2(d) (Cost of Capital). Mr. Rogers explained that as 
part of the Settlement Agreement, this section reflects a 7.03% Rate of Return (WACC) on AES 
Indiana’s original cost rate base and results in an authorized NOI of $390 million as reflected in 
Section I.A.2(e) of the Settlement Agreement. 
 
5. 
Section I.A.3. (Fuel Oil Inventory). Mr. Rogers explained that this 
section accepts OUCC witness Eckert’s proposal to adopt a fuel oil inventory level of 800,128 
gallons, reducing the revenue requirement by $37,000. 
 
6. 
Section I.A.4. (Forecasted Test Year Revenue). Mr. Rogers 
explained that this section accepts OUCC witness Leader’s proposal to increase forecasted Test 
Year Revenues. 
 
7. 
Section I.A.5. (Depreciation Rates and Expense). This section 
sets forth the agreement to utilize the ALG procedure as calculated by Mr. Spanos for depreciation 
rates and expenses. Mr. Rogers testified that Petitioner had presented ELG and ALG 
methodologies in this case and proposed using the ELG method based on the recommendation of 
its depreciation expert. Mr. Rogers stated the OUCC and the IG disagreed with AES Indiana’s 
proposal to use ELG and instead proposed the continued use of ALG. He testified that the Settling 
39 
 
Parties agreed to the use of ALG and further agreed that use of this methodology in this case 
reasonably considers affordability. He stated the Settlement Agreement preserves AES Indiana’s 
right to propose alternative methodologies to calculate depreciation rates in its next rate case but 
also obligates AES Indiana to include an update to its depreciation rates using the ALG procedure. 
 
 
Mr. Rogers testified that Section I.A.5 also sets forth the agreement to adjust the service 
lives of assets included in FERC accounts 353 and 365 by $2.2 million, consistent with the 
recommendation of IG witness Andrews. 
 
 
Mr. Rogers stated the combination of using the ALG procedure and adjusting the service 
lives of FERC accounts 353 and 365 reflected in Section I.A.5 reduces the Phase 2 revenue 
requirement by $40.0 million. 
 
8. 
Section I.A.6. (Distribution Vegetation Management). Section 
I.A.6. reduces distribution vegetation management expense by $6 million and extends the trim 
cycle to six years. Mr. Rogers testified that, consequently, $36.6 million in vegetation management 
expense on AES Indiana’s distribution facilities is embedded in the basic rates revenue 
requirement. Mr. Rogers stated that the Reserve will continue as established in Cause No. 45029. 
 
9. 
Section I.A.7 (Amortizations). Mr. Rogers testified that this section 
sets forth an agreed amortization period for certain regulatory assets of four years instead of three 
years as initially proposed by AES Indiana. Mr. Rogers stated that this provision reasonably 
mitigates the rate impact of this cost recovery. 
 
10. 
Section I.A.8 (Public Utility Fee and Revenue Conversion 
Factor). Section I.A.8 provides that the Public Utility Fee of 0.1750% will be used to determine 
the Public Utility Fee and the revenue conversion factor for pro forma present and proposed rates. 
Mr. Rogers pointed to a recent legislative amendment and stated the Settlement Agreement 
reasonably reflects the Public Utility Fee at the currently effective statutory rate for the 12-month 
period ending December 31, 2026. 
 
11. 
Section I.A.9 (Major Storms). This section sets forth the 
agreement to amortize the Major Storm Damage and Restoration Reserve deferral over four years 
instead of three years, which results in a $1.2 million reduction in the revenue requirement. 
 
12. 
Section I.A.10 (CIS). This section provides that the equity portion 
of the “return on” end of Test Year rate base amount of the CIS portion of the ACE Project will be 
removed from the revenue requirement in this case.  
 
 
This section of the Settlement Agreement also provides that the approximately $40 million 
in incremental uncollectible accounts expense and the approximately $7 million in forgone late 
fees related to the CIS billing system shall not be recovered through the revenue requirement 
established in this case or any future case. 
 
 
 
40 
 
Mr. Rogers testified that while AES Indiana disagreed with the consumer parties regarding 
various aspects of the CIS issues, Petitioner recognizes that the transition to the new system had 
unexpected challenges that impacted customers. He stated these issues were considered in 
negotiating the Settlement Agreement ROE, and Section I.A.10 further addresses these concerns. 
He added that the Settlement Agreement reasonably resolves concerns regarding AES Indiana 
transition to the new billing system. 
 
13. 
Section I.A.11 (Payroll Expense). This section of the Settlement 
Agreement provides a reduction of $4.0 million inclusive of adjustment to Payroll Tax Expense. 
Mr. Rogers testified that this section increases the adjustment presented in AES Indiana’s rebuttal 
testimony in response to the OUCC. 
 
14. 
Section I.A.12. (Rate Case Expense). This section of the 
Settlement Agreement reduces rate case expense reflected in Petitioner’s case in chief by $1.5 
million and amortizes rate case expense over four years instead of three years. 
 
15. 
Section I.A.13 (Base Cost of Fuel). This section of the Settlement 
Agreement provides that AES Indiana’s proposed base cost of fuel will be reduced by $15.1 
million, which results in a $0.04381 per kWh base cost of fuel in this case. Mr. Rogers stated 
Petitioner also agreed to present an updated natural gas hedging plan in a future fuel cost 
proceeding following approval of the Settlement Agreement. 
 
16. 
Section I.A.14 (TDSIC Plan 2.0) and Section I.A.15. (Next AES 
Indiana Basic Rates Case). AES Indiana’s current TDSIC Plan, approved in Cause No. 45264, 
enters its final year in 2026. As part of this Settlement Agreement, AES Indiana agreed to delay 
the start of its next proposed TDSIC plan until no sooner than January 1, 2028. Section I.A.14 also 
reflects Petitioner’s agreement that, at least six months before the planned filing date for its next 
proposed TDSIC Plan, it will initiate a stakeholder process open to all parties in this Cause to 
discuss the TDSIC plan proposal.  
 
 
Section I.A.15 reflects AES Indiana’s agreement that it will not seek to implement a change 
in basic rates and charges as a result of its next base rate case prior to January 1, 2030. Mr. Rogers 
testified that Sections I.A.14 and I.A.15 are reasonably responsive to customer concerns regarding 
the frequency of base rate cases and rate increases. 
 
17. 
Section I.A.16 (Public Facing EV Rate). In his direct testimony, 
Walmart witness Lyon recommended AES Indiana assemble interested parties to develop an EV 
tariff. Mr. Elliot responded to this recommendation in his rebuttal testimony, explaining that 
Petitioner is open to convening a meeting with interested stakeholders to consider various DCFC 
rate designs. The Settlement Agreement reflects AES Indiana’s commitment to a stakeholder 
process to begin within six months of the date of the Final Order in this Cause with the intent of 
developing a public-facing EV Rate to facilitate charging at customer-owned locations in a filing 
prior to AES Indiana’s next electric base rate case. Mr. Rogers stated this provision reasonably 
resolves this issue.  
 
41 
 
18. 
Section I.A.17(a) (Other). This section of the Settlement 
Agreement provides that the new base rates approved by the Commission in this Cause will be 
implemented AES Indiana for service rendered on and after the date the Commission approves 
Petitioner’s new tariff.  
 
19. 
Section I.A.17(b) (Other). AES Indiana proposed a new property 
tax rider as part of its case-in-chief, which the OUCC opposed. Mr. Rogers explained that, as part 
of the Settlement Agreement, Section I.A.17(b) of the Settlement Agreement reasonably responds 
to the OUCC position by providing that Petitioner will withdraw its request for approval of a new 
tax rider. 
 
20. 
Section I.A.17(c)-(h) (Other). Mr. Rogers opined that the 
remaining provisions of this Section reasonably address customer specific issues. Section 
I.A.17(c)-(h) reflects agreements between AES Indiana and the City of Indianapolis. Section 
I.A.17(i) memorializes AES Indiana’s commitment to engage in discussions with Rolls-Royce on 
ways to ameliorate the peaks associated with its engine testing, such as use of battery storage. 
 
21. 
Section I.B. Section I.B. of the Settlement Agreement sets forth the 
agreement on revenue requirement allocation and rate design. Mr. Rogers testified that, under the 
Settlement Agreement, cost increases are fairly distributed across the rate classes while being 
mindful of the principles of cost causation, gradualism, and subsidy mitigation. AES Indiana’s 
residential customer charge remains unchanged compared to current rates in response to the 
opposition to Petitioner’s proposed increase in this charge. 
 
 
Mr. Rimal testified that the settlement revenue allocation as well as the settlement rate 
structure and rates are just, reasonable, and not preferential or discriminatory. He added that the 
settlement rate structure and rates are expected to provide AES Indiana with a reasonable 
opportunity to earn the required return on its invested capital and recover its operating expenses. 
 
 
The testimony in support of the Settlement Agreement explained that numerous principles 
were considered in reaching agreement on revenue allocation. First, the settlement revenue 
requirement decrease agreed to in this Settlement Agreement will be allocated so that all major 
rate classes receive a benefit as a direct result of the negotiated reduction in the proposed revenue 
increase reflected in AES Indiana’s case-in-chief. Second, no class will receive an overall rate 
decrease from current rates as a result of the rates implemented pursuant to this Settlement 
Agreement. Additionally, the Settlement Agreement revenue allocation maintains Petitioner’s 
proposal of a 1.3 times system average increase with the added component of a residential subsidy 
reduction target of 15%.  
 
 
Mr. Rimal presented an analysis indicating that the revenue allocation approach reflected 
in the Settlement Agreement balances the need to move classes closer to their cost of service, while 
ensuring that the impact on any one particular class is moderated. Mr. Rimal testified that each rate 
code benefits from the reduced settlement revenue requirement regardless of whether the 
settlement is compared to rebuttal or to AES Indiana’s direct case. He also testified that, measured 
from either starting point, the residential class is receiving the largest benefit in total dollar terms 
42 
 
and one of the largest benefits in terms of percentage reduction. IG witness York added that the 
residential class is still receiving about $41.1 million in mitigation efforts. 
 
 
Mr. Rimal explained that the rate increase caps for individual classes must be determined 
within the context of the overall system increase. The size of the overall revenue increase informs 
the reasonableness of a capped increase for a rate class. Additionally, the goals of reducing intra-
class subsidies and gradualism are also considered. Mr. Rimal testified that a cap lower than 1.3 
times system average, such as 1.15 times system average, would result in the subsidy received by 
the residential class increasing relative to the current subsidy. Mr. Rimal stated that the Five Pillars 
directs the state to take affordability into consideration, including ratemaking constructs that result 
in retail electric utility service that is affordable and competitive across residential, commercial, 
and industrial classes, and testified that affordability is a concept which must be applied across the 
system as a whole. 
 
 
Walmart witness Lyon stated that while the agreed revenue allocation does not adopt his 
proposal, the revenue allocation set forth in the Settlement Agreement is cost-based and still 
gradually moves rate classes closer to cost of service and does so in a reasonable and fair manner. 
He testified Walmart continues to maintain, and intends to advocate in future rate cases, that greater 
movement to rectify subsidies is necessary. Mr. Lyon stated that Walmart believes the settled 
revenue allocation carefully and intentionally balances the interests of all of AES Indiana’s rate 
classes by not imposing burdensome subsidy mitigation proposals while also ensuring that this 
issue is addressed. 
 
 
Walmart witness Lyon and AES Indiana Rimal testified the Settling Parties agreed that the 
Rate SL customer charge shall be set at $128.00 as proposed by AES Indiana in rebuttal, the 
demand charge be set at $28.50, and any remaining allocated revenues be recovered through the 
energy charge. Mr. Lyon stated that by increasing the demand charge more than originally 
proposed by Petitioner, Rate SL will move further towards charges that align with cost of service 
principles. 
 
 
IG witness York stated that the Settling Parties did not agree on a particular cost allocation 
methodology. She testified the Settlement Agreement uses an agreed revenue allocation which 
considers the positions presented by the parties in the case to reach a fair and reasonable result, 
which is consistent with cost-of-service principles. 
 
 
IG witness York testified that both her own and AES Indiana’s COS studies, which are 
based on the CP methodologies, reveal that several customer classes, particularly the commercial 
and industrial classes, are contributing revenues above, or just below, their class cost of service. 
She stated conversely the COS studies reveal that other classes, notably the residential class, were 
contributing below their cost of service, which indicates the need for an allocated revenue increase 
to bring the classes closer to their cost of service. 
 
 
IG witness York testified that the agreed revenue allocation reflects a similar dynamic. She 
stated it reveals revenue to cost ratios greater than 1.0 for many rate classes, including the 
commercial and industrial classes; this indicates that those rate classes are contributing revenues 
to the system, which are greater than the cost to serve them. She stated other classes, including the 
43 
 
residential class, have a revenue to cost ratio less than 1.0; which means these classes contribute 
less than the costs to serve them, and that they receive subsidies from those customers with a 
revenue to cost ratio greater than 1.0.  
 
 
IG witness York testified the agreed revenue allocation is consistent with the results of the 
COS studies prepared and presented by herself and AES Indiana witness Rimal. She stated the 
agreed revenue allocation provides for some reduction in interclass subsidies, moving customer 
classes closer to their cost of service. She testified that mitigation strategies to avoid rate shock 
were used by the Settling Parties to manage rate impacts. She concluded that overall, these results 
further the overarching principles of cost-of-service ratemaking, by promoting efficient use of the 
system, encouraging conservation of resources, providing for stability, and generally reflecting 
equity. Ms. York added that all customer classes received substantial benefits from the revenue 
reduction, so that no customer class received disproportionate increases or decreases. 
 
B. 
OUCC and CAC Opposition Testimony. The OUCC recommended the 
Commission reject the Settlement Agreement and requested the Commission order a rate decrease 
in accordance with the OUCC’s case-in-chief. The OUCC requested the Commission adopt the 
9.00% ROE supported by its case-in-chief and then reduce it by an additional 50 basis points as 
also supported by its case-in-chief. 
 
 
The OUCC witnesses argued that the Settlement Agreement did not adequately address the 
issues raised by each witness. OUCC witness Eckert testified that the positions he took in his direct 
testimony remain unchanged and added that the Settlement Agreement does not reasonably 
incentivize AES Indiana to resolve its ongoing customer complaints. OUCC witness Lantrip 
reiterated his previous recommendations regarding the Major Storm Damage and Restoration 
Reserve account and the billing system deployment. Mr. Lantrip also testified regarding the test 
year true-up mechanism, arguing that the true-up mechanism should not be used as a cleanup for 
expenses that were not included in Petitioner’s rate case. OUCC witness Baker continued to 
recommend that rate case expense be shared equally by ratepayers and shareholders. OUCC 
witness Sanka also continued to recommend the level of distribution vegetation management 
expense as proposed in her direct testimony. OUCC witness Kelley also testified that AES Indiana 
did not adequately support several projects in its capital forecast, and stated the true-up mechanism 
should not be used to transfer dollars allocated from one project to another. 
 
 
OUCC witness Garren also continued to recommend the adjustments to the depreciation 
issues raised in his initial testimony relating to changes to service lives, contingency, escalation of 
terminal retirement estimates, and the adjustment to net salvage costs that were not addressed in 
the Settlement Agreement. 
 
 
OUCC witness Deupree continued to recommend his ACOSS, particularly the 
classification and allocation of generation resources. Mr. Deupree also discussed his concerns with 
Petitioner’s share of wallet analysis. 
 
 
CAC witness Inskeep recommended the Commission deny the Settlement Agreement and 
stated that, to the extent the Commission approves the Settlement Agreement, the Commission 
should make modifications to address and resolve concerns identified in CAC’s testimony. Mr. 
44 
 
Inskeep stated the Settlement Agreement targets residential customers with the largest rate increase 
of any customer class, contrary to the principle of cost causation, the affordability pillar, and the 
mandate for just and reasonable rates. Mr. Inskeep testified that the Settlement Agreement is an 
unbalanced arrangement that benefits AES Indiana and the narrow interests of its largest electricity 
users, which exacerbates the residential affordability crisis. He also testified that elected officials 
representing Indiana customers oppose the Settlement Agreement. Mr. Inskeep testified that 
customers have provided evidence regarding unaffordable and inadequate service.  He contended 
that the Settlement Agreement did not adequately address the billing system issues.  
 
 
Mr. Inskeep testified the residential bill increase raises concerns both about the frequency 
of recent rate increases and the magnitude of the rate increase. He testified that, if approved, the 
Settlement Agreement would result in a bill for 1,000 kWh increasing by more than $23 per month 
between May 2025 and January 2027, a compound annual growth rate of 8.7%. He demonstrated 
that AES Indiana’s residential bills are climbing at a rate that exceeds inflation. Mr. Inskeep 
contended that errors in Mr. Elliot’s share of wallet analysis resulted in the understatement of the 
affordability problems. Mr. Inskeep testified that when AES Indiana’s share of wallet analysis is 
corrected to include sales tax and include trackers, it produces a higher share of wallet than 
Petitioner calculated. 
 
 
Further, Mr. Inskeep noted that AES Indiana did not provide a share of wallet analysis for 
households with incomes below the median for Marion County. Mr. Inskeep testified his analysis 
utilizing alternative household income levels shows that lower-income households will pay a 
significantly higher share of their income on AES Indiana electric bills than median household 
income customers. Based on his analysis, he testified the Settlement Agreement could have 
harmful impacts on the affordability of electric service for lower-income households.  
 
 
Mr. Inskeep continued to advocate in favor of adoption of his proposed Affordable Power 
Rider and for the reduction or elimination of security deposits. He stated that AES Indiana witness 
Elliot’s concerns with the Affordable Power Rider are not quantified, and had Mr. Elliot performed 
such an analysis then he would have been aware that the bill impact would be modest and unlikely 
to pose a material concern to customer affordability broadly, while providing affordability benefits 
to the population of AES Indiana customers that Mr. Elliot recognizes is experiencing the greatest 
affordability challenges. He also responded to Mr. Elliot’s concerns about cost causation, stating 
that there is a strong public policy rationale for funding low-income programs by collecting 
revenues to fund such a program from all ratepayers that outweighs cost causation in this instance. 
He further discussed his independent review of CAD complaints included with the OUCC’s direct 
testimony, supported his position with the RCA submitted by Petitioner, and stated that he believes 
there is a pattern of billing and CIS issues. Mr. Inskeep disagreed that the Settlement Agreement 
included meaningful concessions related to the billing system issues, and reinforced the necessity 
for a full and independent investigation into all of the billing issues experienced by AES Indiana 
customers. 
 
 
Mr. Inskeep testified that the residential class receive the largest percentage (6.51%) rate 
increase of any customer class and the largest absolute ($54.4 million) rate increase. He stated the 
Settlement Agreement does not provide a reasonable resolution to the contested classification, 
allocation, and revenue apportionment issues in this case. He testified the Settlement Agreement 
45 
 
produces a worse outcome for the residential class than had only the mitigation steps in AES 
Indiana’s case-in-chief been applied. 
 
 
Finally, Mr. Inskeep expressed concern about potential unintended consequences of the 
Settlement Agreement to not seek to implement a change in basic rates and charges as a result of 
its next base rate case prior to January 1, 2030, due to the potential for new data center load. He 
testified that the Settlement Agreement would foreclose an AES Indiana-initiated rate case to 
address the significant impacts that such a large load customer could have on utility costs, 
revenues, cost allocation, and rates and that he is opposed to a blanket rate case stay out provision.  
 
C. 
Settlement Rebuttal Testimony. AES Indiana witnesses Rogers, 
McKenzie, Illyes, Spanos, Holtsclaw, Coklow, Elliot, Flint, Bramley, Dickerson and Rimal 
presented rebuttal testimony in support of the Settlement Agreement. IG witnesses Gorman and 
York also presented settlement rebuttal testimony.  
 
 
Mr. Rogers stated that all parties were invited to join settlement discussions. He testified 
that the OUCC and CAC declined to do so. He reiterated that settlements advance matters with 
greater speed and certainty, and less drain on public and private resources than litigation. He stated 
these factors incent parties to enter into a settlement agreement and explained that if these 
incentives are eliminated, then the public policy objectives favoring settlement would not be 
achieved.  
 
 
IG witness Gorman explained that the OUCC witnesses did not offer any new evidence; 
rather their opposition to the Settlement Agreement rested on the fact that it does not incorporate 
positions taken by the OUCC in its case-in-chief. He testified this criticism is unreasonable and 
suggests the only resolution is the full adoption of the OUCC’s positions. He testified that the 
outcome of each case is a product of many factors. 
 
 
Mr. Gorman testified the Settlement Agreement should be considered as a whole that 
results in just and reasonable adjustments to customers’ rates. He added that any settlement, the 
one in this cause included, reflects the give-and-take compromises needed to resolve all the 
individual contested issues. He testified that the reasonableness of the Settlement Agreement 
should be viewed in the aggregate to assess if the Settlement Agreement supports just and 
reasonable adjustments to tariff rates that are in the public interest.  
 
 
IG witness Gorman and AES Indiana witness Rogers continued to recommend the 
Commission find the Settlement Agreement is a fair and reasonable compromise and is in the 
public interest.  
 
15. 
Commission Discussion and Findings. Indiana law favors settlement as a means 
of resolving contested proceedings. Mendenhall v. Skinner & Broadbent, 728 N.E.2d 140, 145 
(Ind. 2000). As the Commission has stated, the policy of supporting settlement recognizes that 
46 
 
“settlements help advance matters with far greater speed and certainty and far less drain on public 
and private resources than litigation or other adversarial proceedings.”2 
 
 
Settlement agreements presented to the Commission are not ordinary contracts between 
private parties. United States Gypsum, Inc. v. Indiana Gas Co., 735 N.E.2d 790, 803 (Ind. 2000). 
Any settlement agreement that is approved by the Commission “loses its status as a strictly private 
contract and takes on a public interest gloss.” Id. (quoting Citizens Action Coalition v. PSI Energy, 
Inc., 664 N.E.2d 401, 406 (Ind. Ct. App. 1996)). Thus, the Commission “may not accept a 
settlement merely because the private parties are satisfied; rather [the Commission] must consider 
whether the public interest will be served by accepting the settlement.” Citizens Action Coalition, 
664 N.E.2d at 406 (citation omitted). 
 
 
In addition, any Commission decision, ruling, or order, including the approval of a 
settlement, must be supported by specific findings of fact and sufficient evidence. U.S. Gypsum, 
735 N.E.2d at 795 (citing Citizens Action Coalition of Ind. v. Pub. Serv. Co. of Ind., Inc., 582 
N.E.2d 330, 331 (Ind. 1991)). The Commission’s rules allow for settlement and recognize that 
settlement may not be agreed to by all the parties. If, on examination, the Commission finds the 
settlement to be in the public interest, then the settlement should be approved, and its terms form 
the substance of the Commission’s order. The Commission’s procedural rules require that 
settlements be supported by probative evidence. 170 IAC 1-1.1-17(d). Thus, before the 
Commission can approve the Settlement Agreement, the Commission must determine whether the 
evidence in this Cause sufficiently supports the conclusion that the Settlement Agreement is 
reasonable, just, and consistent with the purpose of Ind. Code ch. 8-1-2, and that it serves the public 
interest. 
 
 
These standards apply whether the settlement is unanimous, or is contested by one or more 
parties. In Nextel West Corp. v. Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, 831 N.E. 2d 134 (Ind. Ct. 
App. 2005) trans. denied, 860 N.E.2d 58 (Ind. 2006), the Indiana Court of Appeals affirmed the 
Commission’s approval of a settlement agreement over objection from opposing parties. Id. at 140-
58. That decision included affirming the Commission’s authority to do so provided the settlement 
was supported by sufficient evidence and found to be in the public interest. Id. at 156. Other cases, 
too, have reached the same conclusion. See, e.g., Citizens Action Coalition v. NIPSCO, 796 N.E.2d 
1264, 1267-72 (Ind. Ct. App. 2003) trans. denied, 812 N.E.2d 799 (Ind. 2004). 
 
 
It cannot be otherwise, because the evaluation of the public interest is broader and more 
complex than just assessing whether every participant had its own proposal adopted as part of the 
Settlement Agreement. The evaluation of the Settlement Agreement requires a broader view with 
consideration of existing and future customers of all kinds, as well as the interest of the utility, and 
Indiana as a whole. As explained by the Indiana Supreme Court: 
 
 
 
 
 
2 Ind. Mich. Power Co., Cause No. 43774 PJM-7 at 8, 2017 WL 1208967, at *8 (IURC Mar. 29, 2017); see also Ind. 
Bell Tel. Co., Cause No. 41911 at 2, 2001 WL 1708038, 213 P.U.R.4th 515 (IURC Dec. 4,2001) (citing Mendenhall, 
728 N.E.2d at 145). 
47 
 
We repeatedly hear the expression that it is the duty of the commission to represent 
the public alone. If, by this remark, it is meant that the commission is organized but 
for one purpose, that of antagonistic action toward utilities under any and all 
circumstances, then one of the great purposes of the law, adequate service by the 
utility at the least cost to the consumer, might be entirely defeated. The theory of 
the law creating the commission is that it shall be conscientiously and impartially 
administered by a body composed of a personnel especially qualified by 
knowledge, training, and experience pertaining to the subject-matter committed to 
it for award consonant with reasonable fairness and substantial justice according to 
legislative mandate, and the circumstances shown relative to its effect in the future 
on the utility’s ability to serve the interest and convenience of the public; the cost 
and expense to the parties interested being an element for consideration. 
 
In re NW. Ind. Tel. Co., 201 Ind. 667, 674-75, 171 N.E. 65, 68 (1930). 
 
 
In the current Cause, the Commission has before it substantial evidence from which to 
judge the reasonableness of the Settlement Agreement and to evaluate whether it is in the public 
interest. We have summarized the evidence and contested issues raised in this case prior to the 
filing of the Settlement Agreement. We have also summarized both the evidence supporting the 
Settlement Agreement, and the evidence opposing it. All parties had an opportunity to participate 
in settlement negotiations. Because not all the parties entered into the Settlement Agreement, we 
find it is appropriate to address the outstanding concerns of the non-settling parties. Our review 
and findings upon the respective issues are set forth below.  
 
A. 
Depreciation. The Settlement Agreement reasonably adopts the ALG 
procedure for depreciation. The Settlement Agreement is not unreasonable merely because it did 
not remove contingencies from depreciation expense, change the contingency percentage in the 
decommissioning cost estimate, or adopt Mr. Garren’s position regarding a lack of evidence to 
support escalation. The Commission has ruled that decommissioning costs should be escalated to 
the time at which the facilities will be retired and FERC is also in favor of including escalation. To 
exclude escalation would not only ignore the reality of inflation, but would result in future 
generations of customers paying for generating plants serving today’s customers. The Commission 
has also held that the inclusion of contingency is appropriate.3 The 20% contingency factor in the 
Settlement Agreement is consistent with industry standard and consistent with AES Indiana’s two 
previous rate cases.  Further, the mass property service lives and net salvage percentages in the 
depreciation study in the Settlement Agreement incorporate all the proper factors for determining 
these estimates. As explained by depreciation authorities, such as NARUC, estimating service lives 
must necessarily include a subjective component. Service life estimates are a forecast of the future 
and focusing only on mathematical calculations based on historical data will lead to unreasonable 
service life estimates. Therefore, the Commission finds the Settlement Agreement depreciation 
rates are reasonable and represent a fair compromise on all the parties’ positions concerning 
updating AES Indiana’s depreciation rates.  
 
 
 
3 See PSI Energy Inc., Cause No. 42359 at 70-71 (IURC May 18, 2004).  
48 
 
B. 
Capital Structure and ROE. The ROE is intended to provide a utility with 
a reasonable opportunity to attract capital on terms comparable with businesses of similar risk. In 
setting the rate of return, the Commission’s decision must be framed by Bluefield Waterworks & 
Improvement Co. v. Pub. Serv. Comm’n, 262 U.S. 679 (1923) and Fed. Power Comm’n v. Hope 
Natural Gas, Co., 320 U.S. 591 (1944); see also Indianapolis Power & Light Co., Cause Nos. 
44576/ 44602 at 41, 2016 WL 1118795 at 43 (IURC Mar. 16, 2016).4 The general standards these 
cases established require a ROE set by the Commission to be sufficient to establish a rate of return 
that will maintain the utility’s financial integrity, attract capital under reasonable terms, and be 
commensurate with the returns of other businesses of comparable risk. 
 
 
The Commission is also mindful that “the cost of common equity cannot be precisely 
calculated and estimating it requires the use of judgment.” Indiana-American Water Co., Cause 
No. 44022 at 35 (IURC June 6, 2012). Due to this lack of precision, the use of multiple methods 
is desirable, in part, because no one method will produce reasonable results under all conditions 
and circumstances. The Commission is also mindful of the strengths and weaknesses of the various 
models typically used to estimate a utility’s cost of common equity, and we find that with 
appropriate and reasonable inputs, models, such as the DCF model and the CAPM can produce 
reasonable estimates of a utility’s cost of common equity and are commonly relied on in regulatory 
proceedings. Consistent with the standards in Hope and Bluefield, as well as under Indiana law, 
AES Indiana’s authorized return on equity should be reasonable given the totality of the 
circumstances.  
 
 
The parties proposed various returns using the models and other methods as basis for their 
positions. AES Indiana’s analysis produced a range of 10.2% to 11.2%. Petitioner ultimately 
proposed the Commission adopt a ROE of 10.7%. The OUCC’s analysis produced a range of 
7.73% to 9.27%, and recommended a ROE of 8.5%. The IG’s analysis produced a range of 9.1% 
to 9.9%, and recommended a ROE of 9.5%. Based on the discussion below and review of the 
evidence presented by various parties, we find that a range of 9.1% to 9.9% is reasonable. We note 
that the ROEs granted to Indiana’s vertically integrated electric utilities have been trending lower 
over time. See, e.g. 9.9% in Indianapolis Power & Light Company d/b/a AES Indiana Cause No. 
45911 (IURC April 17, 2024), 9.85% in Indiana Michigan Power Company Cause No. 45933 
(May 8, 2024); 9.8% Southern Indiana Gas and Electric Company Cause No. 45990 (February 3, 
2025); and 9.75% in Duke Energy Indiana Cause No. 46038 (January 29, 2025). These recent 
Commission decisions further support the reasonableness of the range 9.1% to 9.9%. This range 
will frame establishing an authorized ROE that is commensurate with the returns of other 
businesses, specifically Indiana IOUs, of comparable risk. While the Settling Parties agreed upon 
a ROE of 9.75%, which is within our range, the Commission does not find that it balances the 
interest of the investors, ratepayers, and other stakeholders; therefore, the Commission does not 
accept the agreed upon ROE.  
 
 
The Commission’s ROE determination needs to consider the mitigation of risk associated 
with various regulatory mechanisms, including AES Indiana’s use of a forecasted test year and the 
riders and/or trackers approved for AES Indiana. In Cause No. 43526, the Commission noted “[w]e 
must also consider the effect tracking mechanisms have in reducing risk in order to ensure that 
 
4 See also Re Centerpoint Energy Indiana, Cause No. 45990 at 54, 2025 WL 461911 at *54 (IURC Feb. 3, 2025); Re 
Duke Energy Indiana, LLC, Cause No. 46038 at 37, 2025 WL 414846 at *34 (IURC Jan. 29, 2025). 
49 
 
these reduced risks are properly reflected in NIPSCO’s cost of equity…No witness for NIPSCO 
addressed the effects of trackers on NIPSCO’s cost of capital, which could be considered a fatal 
failing of its analysis.”5 Overall, AES Indiana’s tracker mechanisms are generally consistent with 
that of other Indiana IOUs and allow Petitioner to lower its shareholder risk, which also affects its 
ability to attract capital.  
 
 
 In Cause No. 43526, the Commission noted “a utility’s operational and financial 
performance were appropriate considerations in determining a utility’s cost of equity. The 
Commission has a unique role in regulating its jurisdictional utilities, which at times requires us 
to send a clear and direct message to utility management concerning the need for improvement in 
the provision of its utility service. Our determination of the authorized cost of common equity 
capital can be a very direct means to incent improved service.”6  
 
 
Throughout this proceeding AES Indiana ratepayers have voiced their concerns 
surrounding affordability and quality of service. OUCC witness Bishop testified that prior to 
September 2, 2025, the OUCC received over 6,800 consumer comments; the OUCC filed an 
additional 177 consumer comments on December 12, 2025. Ms. Bishop noted that the OUCC 
received more written comments in this rate case than other Indiana IOU rate cases. Ms. Bishop 
estimated that about 500 people attended the field hearings; she testified that 89 customers spoke 
and 53 customers provided written comments. Through both the field hearings and written 
comments, ratepayers stated that current bills negatively impacted their daily lives, and voiced 
concerns about the effect of the proposed rate increase. Further, customers discussed numerous 
issues with the implementation of the CIS billing system and the difficulty they faced in attempting 
to resolve the issues they experienced. Ratepayers also shared the various issues that occurred with 
regards to vegetation management. Not only have ratepayers had difficulty receiving a response 
from AES Indiana, AES Indiana also fails to respond to customer complaints filed with CAD in 
the allotted time required under 170 IAC 16-1-5(c)(3). The OUCC made a request to review CAD 
complaints under the Access to Public Records Act (“APRA”).  Ms. Bishop stated that the OUCC’s 
APRA request contained 868 CAD complaints, of which 412 had surpassed the 14-day deadline 
under 170 IAC 16-1-5(c)(3).  
 
 
In consideration of affordability, the OUCC proposed an adjustment of 30 basis points to 
the authorized ROE. In consideration of quality of service, the OUCC proposed an additional 20 
basis point adjustment to the authorized ROE. The affordability adjustment will be addressed 
below. The Commission finds that any necessary quality of service adjustment is provided for in 
the Settlement Agreement and the additional commitments made by AES Indiana. Settlement Term 
I.A.10(a) removes the equity portion of the return on the CIS billing system and AES Indiana 
committed to apply a lifetime non-recovery exclusion at the hearing, which ensures that 
shareholders are not rewarded for the low quality of service during the implementation of the CIS 
billing system.  
 
 
 
 
5 Northern Indiana Public Service Company, Cause No. 43526 at 32 (IURC May 18, 2004). 
6 Id. 
50 
 
AES Indiana witness Illyes testified that Petitioner would fail to attract capital for 
investment if AES Indiana is not awarded a fair ROE. He testified that a downward adjustment to 
ROE would negatively impact AES Indiana’s credit rating.  The Commission notes that while the 
cost of equity is determined primarily by various methodologies, which can be weighed to varying 
degrees, the mathematical metrics utilized by various credit rating agencies are less subjective.  
AES Indiana’s confidential response to the Commission’s docket entry leads to the finding that a 
moderately lower authorized ROE can support positive credit quality and access to capital needed 
by AES Indiana.  Further, at the hearing, Petitioner acknowledged that additional options, such as 
dividend payment discipline, could also help support its credit quality.  Based on the foregoing, 
the Commission finds adjusting the authorized ROE downward would not unreasonably jeopardize 
AES Indiana’s access to capital.   
 
 
The Commission’s determination of an authorized ROE is integral in balancing the Five 
Pillars.  In this proceeding, we consider the competing objectives of ensuring the utility has access 
to the capital required to maintain reliability, while working to provide service to its customers at 
affordable rates.  While acknowledging that AES Indiana is in an elevated capital investment cycle 
and attraction of capital is critical, we also must consider how to reasonably manage customer 
affordability.  The Commission has previously elected to address the ‘return of’ effects of the 
elevated capital cycle the industry is currently in by supporting the alteration of its precedent on 
depreciation expense methodology. The Settlement Agreement adopts this same methodology, 
which reduces the revenue requirement by $37.758 million. We now find it appropriate to address 
the ‘return on’ effects.  We find this can be addressed by altering the weight applied to the 
competing objectives: investment support and customer affordability.  Accordingly, we find that 
the evidence of record warrants a modification of the Settlement Agreement ROE of 9.75% to 
9.50%. 
 
C. 
Rate Case Expense. The Commission recently explained the two-tiered test 
used in Indiana to assess rate case expense.7 Given that rate case expense is reasonably necessary 
in light of the service provided, the rate case expense requested here satisfies this test. As AES 
Indiana is a regulated utility, Commission approval is required for Petitioner to change its rates 
and charges. AES Indiana’s rate review is part of a structured process necessary to allow rates to 
continue to reflect the underlying cost of providing service. A utility seeking rate relief under Ind. 
Code § 8-1-2-42.7 is further required to present a case-in-chief that includes the submission of 
extensive information and materials. AES Indiana should be able to recover the cost of complying 
with this regulatory requirement, especially when the evidence shows the expense was necessary 
to present the case and the rate case expense amount is reasonable and in line with the amount 
accepted in Petitioner’s most recent rate cases, despite the present case being more complex.  
 
 
This Commission has previously rejected invitations by the OUCC to allocate rate case 
expense to shareholders.8 We find that the record in this current Cause does not provide sufficient 
evidence to reach a different conclusion.  
 
7 Duke Energy Indiana, Cause No. 46038 at 73-74, 2025 WL 414846 at*71 (IURC Jan. 29, 2025) (explaining two-
tiered test considers whether: (1) the expense is reasonably necessary to the presentation of the case, and (2) the 
amount is reasonable in light of the service provided). 
8 Duke Energy Indiana, Cause No. 46038 at 74, 2025 WL 414846 at *72 (IURC Jan. 29, 2025); S. Ind. Gas and Elec. 
Co., Cause No. 45990 at 68, 2025 WL461911 at *68 (IURC Feb. 3, 2025). 
51 
 
 
The Settlement Agreement reduced rate case expense by $1.5 million and extended the 
amortization to four years from three years, resulting in a $0.8 million reduction in the revenue 
requirement. The Commission finds the overall result contained in the Settlement Agreement is 
reasonable. 
 
D. 
Amortization Expense. In a rate case, the Commission considers test year 
costs and adjustments but the acceptance of such costs does not freeze that cost. Estimates used by 
the Commission can only be reasonable approximations. Absent a statutory exception (which does 
not exist here), rates remain the same notwithstanding changes in expenses. Indiana Gas Co. v. 
Office of Util. Cons. Counselor, 575 N.E.2d 1044, 1052 (Ind. Ct. App. 1991); Re Ind. Mich. Power 
Co., Cause No. 39314 at 168, 1993 WL 602559 at 100 (IURC Nov. 12, 1993). “No one can know 
with exactitude what the future holds.” Evansville v. Southern Ind. Gas & Elec. Co., 167 Ind. App. 
472, 489, 339 N.E.2d 562, 574 (Ind. Ct. App. 1975) quoting Boone County Rural Elec. 
Membership Corp. v. Public Serv. Comm’n, 239 Ind. 525, 535, 159 N.E.2d 121, 125 (1959). 
 
 
The record shows the Settling Parties did not ignore this issue. The Settlement Agreement 
extends the amortization period to four years instead of three years as initially proposed by AES 
Indiana. Section I.C. of the Settlement Agreement clarifies that any matters not addressed by the 
Settlement Agreement will be adopted as proposed by AES Indiana in its direct and rebuttal case. 
The extension of the amortization period reasonably aligns with the rate case period contained in 
the Settlement Agreement. The Commission finds this to be a reasonable term of the Settlement 
Agreement.  
 
E. 
Capital Forecast and True-Up Mechanism. AES Indiana has provided 
substantial evidence to support its capital expenditure forecast, and demonstrated the capital 
budget is developed from an analysis of historical experience and an assessment of what is known 
about upcoming projects during the period covered by the forecast. Petitioner also presented a 
comparison of the forecasted capital expenditures to recent actual periods, which shows the 
forecasted level of capital investments is reasonable, as compared to prior years, and considers 
inflation and certain growth investments.  
 
 
The OUCC’s criticism of AES Indiana’s capital forecast is based upon the erroneous 
assumption that the capital budget forecast remains fixed in time and should not evolve to reflect 
changes in business and market conditions. This ignores evidence explaining that while Petitioner 
manages operations to the overall forecast, the future will likely unfold in a manner that differs 
from the details used to build the forecast. We agree with Petitioner that the overall level of 
forecasted spending is reasonable and necessary to provide reasonable and adequate service. 
 
 
With respect to the specific projects identified by the OUCC, we note that AES Indiana 
presented substantial evidence to support its forecasted investment. Moreover, Commission 
approval of the overall revenue requirement and forecasted rate base does not require preapproval 
of each and every individual project comprising that forecast.9 Rather, our task is to consider 
whether the overall level of ongoing capital expenditures is projected to be used and useful, and 
whether the level of expenditures is reasonable. The evidence submitted by Petitioner offers 
 
9 Indiana Michigan Power Co., Cause No. 45235 at 15, 2020 WL 1656243 at *14-15 (IURC Mar. 11, 2020) (quoting 
American Suburban Utils., Cause No. 41254 at 14, 1999 WL 397655 (IURC Apr. 15, 1999)). 
52 
 
sufficient information to allow the Commission to review the reasonableness of the utility’s 
projections, and of AES Indiana’s business judgment that the projected investment is necessary. 
Given the evidence presented, the Commission finds Petitioner has sufficiently demonstrated the 
reasonableness of its capital forecast. 
 
 
Finally, we note AES Indiana’s proposed rate base true-up mechanism reasonably resolves 
the OUCC’s concerns regarding specific capital projects. To the extent such projects are not 
certified as used and useful as of the Test Year rate base cut off, they will not be reflected in rates. 
Accordingly, we find Petitioner’s capital forecast is reasonable, supported by substantial evidence, 
and is approved.  
 
 
With respect to the true-up mechanism, the record shows Petitioner proposes to implement 
new base rates in two phases to reasonably reflect rate base and revenue requirement updates at 
the time rates are placed into effect. Specifically, Petitioner proposes to implement the PRA Phase 
1 credit as part of the compliance filing following issuance of the Commission’s order in this 
Cause. PRA Phase 2 will be implemented effective January 1, 2027. 
 
 
Per the Settlement Agreement, Petitioner intends to implement new rates on a service-
rendered basis. Further, while we agree with Ms. Aliff that a 30-day review period for Petitioner’s 
Phase 2 compliance filing is appropriate, we disagree that a review period is not necessary for the 
Phase 1 compliance filing. Ultimately, we find that Petitioner’s implementation of Phase 1 shall 
include a 30-day review period, and Phase 2 rates shall be implemented as set forth in Ms. Aliff’s 
direct testimony, which includes a 30-day review period. 
 
 
Per the Settlement Agreement, Petitioner intends to implement new rates on a service-
rendered basis, and no party objected to this approach. Prior to Phase I rates becoming effective, 
AES Indiana shall file its new schedule of rates and charges and full tariff, revised to comply with 
the findings of this Order, and revenue proof for all customer classes for approval by the 
Commission’s Energy Division. This filing shall apply and be consistent with the text of this Order, 
notwithstanding whether it is determined any numbers need revision; provided, the propriety of 
any such revisions shall be explained in the filing. Any party contesting the derivation of rates and 
charges shall file a notice within ten business days of AES Indiana’s filing of the new rate schedules 
and proof of revenues.   
 
 
Accordingly, we further find that AES Indiana shall certify to this Commission its rate base 
at December 31, 2026, and thereafter calculate the resulting Phase 2 rates consistent with the 
Settlement Agreement. For purposes of the Phase 2 certification, AES Indiana shall use the 
forecasted test year end rate base shown on AES Indiana Attachment CAR1-S, Schedule RB1-S, 
line 9, included with Petitioner’s Exhibit No. 4. The Phase 2 rates shall go into effect on the date 
that AES Indiana certifies its test year end rate base, or January 1, 2027, whichever is later. The 
rate base for Phase 2 rates shall not exceed the lesser of: (a) AES Indiana’s forecasted test year end 
rate base as modified by the Settlement Agreement or (b) AES Indiana’s certified test year end rate 
base. AES Indiana shall serve all parties with its certification. The OUCC and intervenors shall 
have 30 days from the date of certification to state objections to Petitioner’s certified test year end 
rate base. If there are objections, AES Indiana will be afforded an opportunity to respond. Once 
53 
 
the Commission decides the matter, the Phase 2 rates will be trued-up (with carrying charges) 
retroactive to January 1, 2027, notwithstanding when Phase 2 rates go into effect. 
 
F. 
Vegetation Management.  
The 
Settlement 
Agreement 
reduces 
Petitioner’s initial proposed vegetation management expense from $42.6 million to $36.6 million 
and Settling Parties agreed to a six-year cycle. Both AES Indiana’s initial proposal and the 
Settlement Agreement include an expense level that represents a material increase in this expense. 
AES Indiana witness Flint noted that Petitioner’s initial proposal offered a mitigated expense by 
extending the trim cycle from four to five years, with a resulting annual expense of $42.6 million. 
Settling Parties agreed to a more mitigated expense by further extending the trim cycle to six years, 
resulting in an annual vegetation management expense of $36.6 million. 
 
 
 
While the Commission appreciates the efforts of Settling Parties, we find that further 
mitigation is appropriate. We acknowledge that the proposed expense is based primarily on 
competitively bid and negotiated contract costs and acknowledge the OUCC’s concerns that AES 
Indiana’s proposal shifts more costs onto customers without the commensurate assurance of 
benefits. Accepting the OUCC’s proposal to maintain the level of distribution vegetation 
management expenses authorized in Cause No. 45911, or $25.247 million, effectively extends the 
trim cycle to approximately eight years. A vegetation management trim cycle represents an 
ongoing commitment to reliability and extending the trim cycle, which effectively reduces the 
annual miles trimmed, offers an appropriate balance between those reliability efforts and customer 
affordability. The continued application of the trimming methodology AES Indiana has initiated 
also presents an opportunity to reasonably expect that extending the trim cycle will offer a lower 
risk to reliability than under the prior methodology. Accordingly, we find that the extension of the 
trim cycle will serve as a meaningful step toward the Commission’s rebalancing of the Five Pillars 
with an enhance weighting of affordability and thus we modify the Settlement Agreement to reflect 
the OUCC’s recommended vegetation management expense. 
 
G. 
Major Storm Damage Restoration Reserve. Section I.A.9 of the 
Settlement Agreement sets forth the Settling Parties’ agreement to amortize the Major Storm 
Damage Restoration Reserve regulatory asset balance of $14.1 million over four years instead of 
three years, resulting in a $1.2 million reduction in the revenue requirement. The Settlement 
Agreement accepted AES Indiana’s proposed amount of $7.3 million for ongoing major storm 
expense (excluding base labor) to be included in the revenue requirement. The actual major storms 
from 2025 support the prudence of embedding $5.0 million in the revenue requirement as reflected 
in the Settlement Agreement. Accordingly, the Commission accepts this portion of the Settlement 
Agreement.  
 
H. 
Base Cost of Fuel. In the Settlement Agreement, AES Indiana agreed to 
reduce its proposed base cost of fuel by $15.1 million, resulting in a base cost of fuel of $0.04381 
per kWh. Additionally, as part of the Settlement Agreement, Petitioner committed to representing 
an updated natural gas hedging plan to the Commission for review in a future fuel cost proceeding. 
The Commission finds this portion of the Settlement Agreement to be reasonable and is also 
supportive of the continued agreement between Petitioner and the OUCC and other intervenors to 
file testimony in FAC cases 35 days after AES Indiana files its case-in-chief.  
54 
 
I. 
Public Utility Fee. The Public Utility fee accepted in the Settlement 
Agreement is consistent with current Indiana law.  
 
J. 
Uncollectible Accounts Expense. The calculation for uncollectible 
accounts expense reflected in the Settlement Agreement is consistent with Commission precedent, 
and substantial evidence supports the view that it is reflective of utility operations going forward. 
The Commission accepts this portion of the Settlement Agreement. 
 
K. 
COSS/Rate Design. As recently stated, “We [the Commission] have never 
found that fixed production costs should be allocated on any basis other than demand.”10 The 
production plant costs are fixed in nature and do not vary with the amount of energy generated. 
The demand classification method reflected in AES Indiana’s study recognizes that the utility may 
call on any of those resources during peak periods. We again find that the allocation methods 
proposed by the non-settling parties would result in higher load factor customers being negatively 
impacted and would discourage efficient use of the system, which benefits all customers. We 
remain hesitant to change cost-allocation methodologies in ways that produce large shifts in class 
cost responsibility absent clear evidence of a material change in system operating characteristics; 
doing so without substantial evidence would be contrary to the public interest. Accordingly, the 
Commission finds that no portion of fixed production costs should be allocated exclusively on the 
basis of energy and accepts this portion of the Settlement Agreement.  
 
 
The Commission also accepts the Settlement Agreement’s adoption of the 12CP method 
used for production costs. Use of the CP methodology has been regularly approved by the 
Commission, including in settlements. 11 The 12CP method was used based on the FERC tests and 
consistency with AES Indiana’s recent rate cases. AES Indiana also chose to use 12CP because it 
schedules its maintenance during the off-peak and shoulder months. This scheduled maintenance 
can result in an elevated loss of load probability as the capacity reserve is reduced during these 
periods. The system capacity reserve often is not much different in the off-peak and shoulder 
months than it is in the peak months. In Cause Nos. 44576 and 44602, while discussing the 
allocation of production plant, the Commission stated, “[it] has historically supported using the 
12CP methodology if the FERC diversity tests are satisfied.”12 The Commission further explained: 
 
The Commission’s preference is to “utilize the previously approved allocation 
methodology, given sufficient evidence, unless system operating characteristics are 
demonstrated to have changed since the last approved cost of service study 
allocation methodology.” [citation omitted] Further, we are also cautious to adopt 
a new allocation methodology without seeing the potential bill impacts on customer 
classes. Accordingly, we find that the 12CP methodology represents a reasonable 
means of allocating production cost in this case.13 
 
 
 
10 Duke Energy Indiana, LLC, Cause No. 46038 at 93 (IURC Jan. 29, 2025).  
11 See Duke Energy Indiana, LLC, Cause No. 46038 at 94 (IURC 1/29/2025). 
12 Indianapolis Power and Light Co., Cause Nos. 44576/44602 at 66, (IURC Mar. 16 2016). 
13 Id. 
55 
 
Adoption of the 12CP approach for purposes of guiding the Settlement Agreement revenue 
allocation rather than the 4CP approach resulted in a movement of costs away from residential 
customers towards commercial and industrial customers. In other words, the settled result is a 
reasonable compromise that favors residential customer affordability. The Commission finds the 
evidence in this proceeding shows the use of the 12CP methodology reflected in the Settlement 
Agreement is reasonable.  
 
 
The Commission has previously held that the use of a MSS is appropriate to allocate 
distribution costs.14 The Commission agrees that the MSS, which follows guidance from the 
NARUC Manual, provides a sound basis for determining the customer-related component of these 
costs. The Commission also agrees that allocating these costs between customer and demand using 
the MSS methodology is appropriate and aligns with industry practice and prior Commission 
decisions. Therefore, the Commission accepts the use of the MSS in the Settlement Agreement.  
 
 
In reaching the revenue allocation in the Settlement Agreement, the Settling Parties 
assessed the percentage of retail subsidy/excess reduction to yield a fair increase across all retail 
classes and considered gradualism. One of the principles considered in reaching the Settlement 
Agreement was that no customer class should receive an increase that is more than 1.3 times the 
overall system increase, subject to the residential subsidy reduction target of 15%. This balancing 
between the cost-based ratemaking and gradualism provides an appropriate application of the 
affordability prong of the Five Pillars. Ind. Code § 8-1-2-0.6 directs that affordability includes 
ratemaking constructs that result in retail electric utility service that is affordable “and competitive 
across residential, commercial, and industrial customer classes.” The Commission accepts this 
portion of the Settlement Agreement.  
 
 
Finally, the declining block rates reflected in the Settlement Agreement are consistent with 
Commission precedent. The Commission has affirmed that declining block rates are cost-justified 
compared to flat rates for recovering demand-related costs when the variable energy rates recover 
a significant portion of these costs. Declining block rates better reflect the cost of service than a 
flat volumetric rate. Furthermore, AES Indiana’s analysis shows that designing rates that favor low 
usage low-income customers negatively impacts high usage low-income customers. Accordingly, 
the Commission accepts this portion of the Settlement Agreement. 
 
L. 
Other Matters. 
 
1. 
Next Basic Rate Case. The Settlement Agreement provides that 
AES Indiana will not seek implementation of new base rates and charges as a result of its next base 
rate case prior to January 1, 2030. This benefits customers by providing clarity as to the timing of 
future rate and charge changes. Under HEA 1002 (2026), AES Indiana will be required to file a 
multi-year rate plan in January 2029. While AES Indiana will be filing its rate case prior to January 
1, 2030, it is expected that AES Indiana will not implement rates from that case until January 1, 
2030.  
 
 
 
14 Duke Energy Indiana, LLC, Cause No 46038 at 97 (IURC Jan 29, 2025). 
56 
 
2. 
Multi-Family Study. In accordance with the settlement agreement 
approved in Cause No. 45911, AES Indiana conducted a cost allocation study and designed 
illustrative rates to evaluate the difference in serving residential multi-family and residential non-
multi-family customers. The results of this analysis and a summary of the results of the cost 
allocation study and the illustrative rate design were filed as AES Indiana Attachment BR-10 in 
Petitioner’s Exhibit No. 6. The multi-family analysis conducted by Petitioner identified the 
population of potential multi-family customers based on how multi-family customers are defined 
in its DSM programs. The results of the multi-family analysis indicated that the cost of serving a 
multi-family customer is similar to the cost of serving a non-multi-family customer. Based on this 
analysis, AES Indiana concluded that a distinct and separate multi-family rate is not necessary at 
this time. Based on the record of evidence, we find that AES Indiana has complied with the 
Settlement Agreement in Cause No. 45911. The Commission accepts this portion of the Settlement 
Agreement.  
 
3. 
CAC’s Proposed Affordability Rider. CAC witness Inskeep 
proposed the Commission approve an Affordable Power Rider with the goal of providing financial 
support for low-income residential AES Indiana customers. The Rider would be a new rider for 
AES Indiana customers that provides a tiered discount to LIHEAP-qualified residential customers, 
mirroring the current USF Rider discount percentages used by Southern Indiana Gas and Electric 
d/b/a CEI South, with costs recovered through a per-kWh charge assessed identically on all retail 
sales. Mr. Inskeep testified that the primary purpose of the proposed Affordable Power Rider is to 
make electric service meaningfully more affordable to low-income residential customers using an 
administratively efficient process and mechanism that is consistent with the Commission’s 
authority under Indiana statute.  
 
 
While acknowledging affordability is important, AES Indiana witness Elliot testified that 
a non-cost-reflective discount for a subset of customers would result in unintended consequences, 
including that other customers would be subsidizing this Rider, which would decrease affordability 
for customers not participating in this Rider. Mr. Elliot also testified that providing a non-cost-
reflective discount on electricity service and the associated energy consumption misaligns the price 
signal a customer receives to manage their energy usage through behavioral conservation and/or 
participation in AES Indiana’s DSM programs. He concluded by noting that managing energy 
usage is one of the most powerful tools to realize cost savings and make monthly bills affordable. 
AES Indiana witness Elliot also testified that, rather than addressing a low-income discount 
proposal on a stand-alone basis, such a public policy decision should be established legislatively, 
similar to how energy efficiency programs, payment installment plans, the provision of LIHEAP 
grants, and many other affordability interventions have been borne out of public policy debate. 
 
 
While we appreciate CAC’s desire for AES Indiana to provide more assistance to low-
income customers, the Commission declines to amend the Settlement Agreement to adopt CAC’s 
Affordability Rider. We note that under HEA 1002 (Public Law 36-2026), utilities are directed to 
offer low-income customer assistance programs, as well as provide notices and post information 
on their websites no later than July 1, 2026. In developing and implementing these programs, the 
Commission encourages Petitioner to work the OUCC and other interested parties via a 
stakeholder process to explore options for affordability programs in a future rate case.  
 
57 
 
M. 
Five Pillars. Through Ind. Code § 8-1-2-0.5, the Indiana General Assembly 
established the state’s policy recognizing utility service affordability for present and future 
generations. This legislative policy states affordability should be protected when utilities invest in 
infrastructure necessary for system operation and maintenance. 
 
 
Through Ind. Code § 8-1-2-0.6, the Indiana General Assembly declared it is the continuing 
policy of the state that decisions concerning Indiana’s electric generation resource mix, energy 
infrastructure, and electric service ratemaking constructs must consider each of Five Pillars of 
electric utility service: reliability, affordability, resiliency, stability, and environmental 
sustainability. 
 
 
As such, the Five Pillars have served as the lens through which the Commission has viewed 
all parties’ requested relief in this Cause and constitute the framework for the findings set forth in 
this Order. Per the Legislature’s directive, we have considered and evaluated each of the Five 
Pillars in making our determinations in this case, and our considerations are discussed throughout 
the findings set forth in the above sections. 
 
 
OUCC witness Latham challenged the consideration of the affordability pillar but testified 
that AES Indiana’s case-in-chief adequately addresses four of the Five Pillars: resiliency, 
reliability, stability, and environmental sustainability. Affordability is an important policy 
consideration, and Indiana statute recognizes this. Cost-of-service ratemaking remains the 
foundation for allocating class revenue responsibilities. The affordability pillar specifically is 
framed in terms of class impacts for all customer classes, including the residential, commercial, 
and industrial classes. The negotiated revenue concessions operate to benefit all rate classes, with 
the residential class receiving significant benefit. As we have previously explained, “our role in 
addressing [the affordability concern] is not to reach a conclusion as to whether the rates approved 
herein are ‘affordable’ for each and every customer, particularly given the difficulty in defining 
affordability in general and for the many diverse customers and communities [a Utility] serves.” 
Indiana American Water Co., Cause No. 45870 at 105, 2024 WL 755397 at *9 (IURC Feb. 2, 
2024); Duke Energy Indiana LLC, Cause No. 46038 at 11, 2025 WL 414846 at *7 (IURC Jan. 29, 
2025); Centerpoint Energy Indiana, Cause No. 45990 at 121, 2025 WL 461911 at *124 (IURC 
Feb. 3, 2025). 
 
 
The Settlement Agreement reduces the overall revenue requirement, which supports 
affordability while allowing AES Indiana to maintain system reliability, resiliency, and stability. 
Also, the Commission has already authorized rate increases to reflect AES Indiana’s investments 
previously approved by the Commission such as the TDSIC projects and investments in clean 
energy projects, which also contribute to reliability, resiliency, stability, and environmental 
sustainability.  
 
 
The Settlement Agreement reasonably addresses affordability by, among other things, 
reducing the proposed revenue increase by $111.3 million relative to Petitioner’s case-in-chief and 
providing revenue mitigation to the residential class. Additionally, by agreeing to not implement 
new base rates before 2030, the Settlement Agreement adheres to the principles of gradualism and 
will result in base rate stability for customers. We also considered AES Indiana’s proposed process 
to phase-in its rates. 
58 
 
 
The Commission has considered the Five Pillars enumerated in Ind. Code § 8-1-2-0.6 in 
reaching our decision in this proceeding. The Commission finds the Settlement Agreement as 
modified above is consistent with legislative directives. 
 
16. 
Conclusion. With the modifications to the ROE and vegetation management, the 
Commission finds the Settlement Agreement as modified is reasonable.  The Settlement 
Agreement as modified reflects a significant reduction to AES Indiana’s request. The modifications 
of the ROE and vegetation management are within the established range of reasonableness and 
reasonably considers AES Indiana’s managerial and operational issues, customer affordability, 
reliability, and the balancing of interests between investors and ratepayers.  
 
 
Overall, although not every position by every party is specifically reflected in the 
Settlement Agreement as modified, its terms do reflect consideration of the testimony presented 
by all parties. It further reflects the evidence as a whole and is consistent with reasonably expected 
outcomes based on prior Commission decisions. The settled revenue requirement as further 
modified by the Commission is supported by the record as a whole and represents a fair 
compromise on the revenue disputes raised in the litigation phase of this proceeding. Moreover, as 
shown by AES Indiana witness Rimal and IG witness York, the cost of service and rate design 
terms of the Settlement Agreement as modified operate in conjunction with the revenue terms to 
produce rates that are just and reasonable to all classes and which remain consistent with well-
accepted cost-of-service principles. 
 
 
Based on our review of the record, the Commission finds the Settlement Agreement as 
modified is within the range of potential outcomes and represents a fair, just, and reasonable 
resolution of the issues presented within the guardrails of the Five Pillars statutory construct. The 
Commission further finds and concludes the Settlement Agreement as modified is supported by 
substantial evidence and is in the public interest. Accordingly, the Settlement Agreement as 
modified is approved.  
 
17. 
Overall Authorized Increase. Having found, based on the evidence of record, that 
the Settlement Agreement should be approved, we further approve the revenue increase agreed to 
in the Settlement Agreement. The proposed revenue increase is based upon a projected test year 
ending net original cost rate base of $5,547,426,000 as shown on AES Indiana Attachment CAR-
1S, Schedule RB-1S to Petitioner’s Exhibit No. 4 as follows: 
 
Rate Base as of December 31, 2026 (in thousands) 
1 
Plant in Service 
$ 
7,879,245 
2 
Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization 
$ 
(3,592,451) 
3 
Materials and Supplies Inventory 
$ 
118,315 
4 
Fuel Stock Inventory 
$ 
1,704 
5 
Regulatory Assets 
$ 
1,140,614 
6 
Total Original Cost Rate Base 
$ 
5,547,426 
 
59 
 
 
We find this original cost is the fair value under Indiana Code § 8-1-2-6 for purposes of 
this Cause. We further find that a fair return should be authorized based upon this net original cost 
rate base and a projected WACC of 6.92%, as follows: 
 
Weighted Average Cost of Capital as of December 31, 2026 
 
Component of 
Capitalization 
Amount 
($000) 
Percent of 
Total 
Return Rate 
Weighted 
Return Rate 
1 
Long-term Debt 
$ 
3,061,302 
47.17 % 
5.34 % 
2.52 % 
2 
Preferred Stock 
 
0 
0.00 % 
--- 
0.00 % 
3 
Common Equity 
$ 
 2,996,633 
46.17 % 
9.5 % 
4.39 % 
4 
Customer Deposits 
$ 
11,892 
0.18 % 
6.00 % 
0.01 % 
5 
Prepaid Pension 
Asset (net of OPEB 
liability) 
$ 
(100,314) 
(1.55) % 
--- 
0.00 % 
6 
Deferred Income 
Taxes 
$ 
520,540 
8.02 % 
--- 
0.00 % 
7 
Post 1970 ITC 
$ 
308 
0.00 % 
0.08 % 
0.00 % 
8 
Totals 
$ 
6,490,361 
100.00 % 
 
6.92 % 
 
 
We therefore find that AES Indiana should be authorized to increase its base rates and 
charges in two steps, calculated to produce additional annual operating revenue of $71,059,000, 
total operating revenue of $1,979,693,000, and total net operating income of $383,882,000, as 
follows15:  
 
Allowable Electric Operating Income Requirement as of December 31, 
2026 (in thousands) 
1 
Original Cost Rate Base 
$ 
5,547,426 
2 
Weighted Average Cost of Capital 
 
6.92 % 
3 
Allowable Operating Income 
$ 
383,882 
4 
Less: Adjusted test year operating 
  
income at present rates 
 
$ 
330,803 
5 
Deficiency in operating income 
$ 
53,079 
6 
Revenue Conversion Factor 
 
0.746974 
7 
Deficiency in operating revenue 
$ 
71,059 
 
 
The rate increase authorized herein should be implemented in two phases as reflected in 
the Settlement Agreement and approved herein. 
 
 
 
 
15 This table is intended to reflect the specific changes directed in this order and is subject to refinement pending the 
energy division reviewed and approved order directed compliance filing. The changes include the application of the 
directed cost of equity and vegetation management adjustment, as well as the related tax impacts. 
 
60 
 
18. 
Effect of Settlement Agreement. The Settlement Agreement is not to be used as 
precedent in any other proceeding or for any other purpose except to the extent necessary to 
implement or enforce its terms; consequently, with respect to future citation of the Settlement 
Agreement or of this order, we find our approval herein should be treated in a manner consistent 
with our finding in Richmond Power & Light, Cause No. 40434, 1997 WL 34880849 at 7-8 (IURC 
Mar. 19, 1997). 
 
19. 
Confidential Information. On June 3, 2025, September 19, 2025, and January 21, 
2026, motions seeking a determination that designated confidential information involved in this 
proceeding be exempt from public disclosure under Ind. Code § 8-1-2-29 and Ind. Code ch. 5-14-
3 were filed by AES Indiana and the IG. The requests were supported by affidavits showing the 
designated documents offered into evidence at the evidentiary hearing were trade secret 
information within the scope of Ind. Code § 5-14-3-4(a)(4) and Ind. Code § 24-2-3-2. On June 26, 
2025, September 29, 2025, and January 22, 2026, the Presiding Officers issued docket entries 
finding such information confidential on a preliminary basis. The parties subsequently submitted 
designated confidential information in accordance with this finding. 
 
 
On January 27, 2026, the OUCC filed its Objection to AES Indiana’s Third Motion for 
Confidential Information, to which Petitioner filed its Verified Reply on January 28, 2026. At the 
hearing, AES Indiana’s Third Motion was granted over the OUCC’s objection. After reviewing the 
designated confidential information, the Commission finds all such information qualifies as 
confidential trade secret information pursuant to Ind. Code § 5-14-3-4 and Ind. Code § 24-2-3-2. 
This information has independent economic value from not being generally known or readily 
ascertainable by proper means. AES Indiana and the IG take reasonable steps to maintain the 
secrecy of the information and disclosure of such information would cause harm to AES Indiana 
and/or the IG. Therefore, we affirm the preliminary rulings and find this information should be 
exempted from the public access requirements contained in Ind. Code ch. 5-14-3 and Ind. Code § 
8-1-2-29, and held confidential and protected from public disclosure by this Commission. 
 
 
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED BY THE INDIANA UTILITY REGULATORY 
COMMISSION that: 
 
 
1. 
The Settlement Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this order, is approved 
as modified.  
 
 
2. 
AES Indiana is authorized to adjust and increase its rates and charges for retail 
electric utility service in accordance with the Settlement Agreement to produce an increase in total 
annual operating revenues of approximately $71,059,000, which rates and charges shall be 
designed to produce total annual operating revenues of $1,979,693,000, which are expected to 
produce an annual net operating income of $383,882,000.  
 
 
3. 
The revenue increase shall be implemented in two phases in accordance with the 
Settlement Agreement as modified.  
 
 
4. 
AES Indiana shall file new schedules of rates and charges, along with its revised 
tariff under this Cause, consistent with the Settlement Agreement as modified and the rates and 
61 
charges authorized herein. AES Indiana’s new schedules of rates and charges shall be effective 
upon approval with the Energy Division of this Commission in accordance with the Settlement 
Agreement as modified. Phase 1 rates will be implemented on a services-rendered basis as soon as 
possible following the issuance of this Order and approval of the new AES Indiana tariff. AES 
Indiana shall verify the calculations of operating income and revenue, as well as its allowable 
electric operating income requirement as of December 31, 2026. This filing shall include 
workpapers and revenue proof in the compliance filing under this Cause. Phase 2 rates shall be 
implemented on a services-rendered basis and subject to true-up as provided in the Settlement 
Agreement as modified. 
5. 
AES Indiana is authorized to place into effect for accrual accounting purposes the 
depreciation rates as provided in the Settlement Agreement as modified. 
6. 
AES Indiana is granted accounting authority for the implementation of the 
Settlement Agreement as modified. 
7. 
AES Indiana is authorized to file and implement updated factors for its rate 
adjustment mechanisms in accordance with the Settlement Agreement as modified, and such 
changes shall be effective simultaneous with approval of AES Indiana’s new basic rates. 
8. 
AES Indiana is authorized to utilize a base cost of fuel of 43.81 mills per kWh and 
a net operating income of $383,882,000 in its FAC proceedings. For purposes of computing the 
authorized net operating income for Ind. Code § 8-1-2-42(d)(3), the increased return shall be 
phased-in over the appropriate period of time that Petitioner’s net operating income is affected by 
the earnings modification as a result of the Commission’s approval of this Order. The OUCC will 
continue to receive a 35-day period to review Petitioner’s FAC applications and to file the OUCC’s 
testimony in such proceedings. 
9. 
The information submitted under seal in this Cause pursuant to Petitioner’s and the 
IG’s requests for confidential treatment is determined to be confidential trade secret information 
as defined in Ind. Code § 24-2-3-2 and shall continue to be held as confidential and exempt from 
public access and disclosure pursuant to Ind. Code §§ 5-14-3-4 and 8-1-2-29. 
10. 
This Order shall be effective on and after the date of its approval.
ZAY, VELETA, AND ZIEGNER CONCUR; DEIG DISSENTS; SWINGER NOT 
PARTICIPATING: 
APPROVED: 
I hereby certify that the above is a true 
and correct copy of the Order as approved. 
_______________________________ on behalf of
Dana Kosco 
Secretary of the Commission 
JUN 17 2026 
Regina K. 
Joyner
Digitally signed by Regina K. 
Joyner 
Date: 2026.06.17 10:44:28 
-04'00'
176987972v4 
 
 
STATE OF INDIANA 
 
INDIANA UTILITY REGULATORY COMMISSION 
 
 
PETITION OF INDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT 
COMPANY D/B/A AES INDIANA (“AES INDIANA”) 
FOR AUTHORITY TO INCREASE RATES AND 
CHARGES FOR ELECTRIC UTILITY SERVICE 
THROUGH A PHASE-IN RATE ADJUSTMENT; AND 
FOR APPROVAL OF RELATED RELIEF, INCLUDING 
(1) REVISED DEPRECIATION RATES, INCLUDING 
COST 
OF 
REMOVAL 
LESS 
SALVAGE 
AND 
UPDATED 
DEPRECIATION 
EXPENSE; 
(2) 
ACCOUNTING RELIEF, INCLUDING DEFERRALS 
AND 
AMORTIZATIONS, 
(3) 
INCLUSION 
OF 
CAPITAL INVESTMENT, (4) RATE ADJUSTMENT 
MECHANISM PROPOSALS, INCLUDING A NEW 
PROPERTY TAX RIDER, AND (5) NEW SCHEDULES 
OF RATES, RULES AND REGULATIONS FOR 
SERVICE.  
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
 
 
 
 
 
 
CAUSE NO. 46258 
 
 
 
 
 
STIPULATION AND SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT 
Indianapolis Power & Light Company d/b/a AES Indiana (“AES Indiana” or “Company”),  
AES Indiana Industrial Group (Allison Transmission, Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Indiana 
University, Ingredion, Inc., Marathon Petroleum Company LP, and Messer LLC) (“Industrial 
Group”), Walmart, Inc. (“Walmart”), Rolls-Royce Corporation (“Rolls-Royce”), and City of 
Indianapolis (collectively the “Settling Parties” and individually “Settling Party”), solely for 
purposes of compromise and settlement and having been duly advised by their respective staff, 
experts, and counsel, stipulate and agree the terms and conditions set forth below represent a fair, 
just, and reasonable resolution of the matters set forth below, subject to their incorporation by the 
Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission (“Commission”) into a final, non-appealable order (“Final 
Order”) without modification or further condition that may be unacceptable to any Settling Party.   
 
 
Exhibit 1
176987972v4 
 
2 
 
I. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  
A. 
REVENUE REQUIREMENT.  The Settling Parties agree that AES Indiana’s 
proposed revenue requirement (step 2) should be decreased from $2,110.6 million to $1,999.3 
million, a decrease of $111.3 million as stated below and reflected in the attached Settlement 
Agreement Attachment A, which the Settling Parties agree is a summary of revenue requirement 
impact of the following settlement terms: 
1. 
AES Indiana-OPER Schedule REV 5 Correction: AES Indiana has corrected a 
sign on REV5-WP5 which lowers the initial increase amount in the Company’s case-in-chief by 
$5.7 million.  This change was necessary to correct the calculation of Net Capacity Rider revenues 
by netting expenses from the capacity revenues.  The effect of this correction is an increase 
Revenue Requirement at Present Rates and a decrease to the Revenue Requirement Deficiency. 
2. 
Cost of Capital.  
(a) 
Forecasted Debt Issuance. The Company’s forecasted debt issuance, 2025 series, 
has been updated to reflect actual amount of $350 million and a decrease in interest rate to 
5.23049%.  This results in a reduction to the revenue requirement of $1.3 million. 
(b) 
Return on Equity (“ROE”). The agreed authorized return on equity shall be an ROE 
of 9.75%, which results in a reduction to the revenue requirement of $32.7 million using the agreed 
upon Capital Structure and Rate Base. 
(c) 
Prepaid Pension Asset. A Prepaid Pension Asset of $100.3 million (reduced by 
$33.180 million from $133.5 million) will be included in the Capital Structure, which reduces the 
revenue requirement by $2.0 million.   
(d) 
Weighted Average Cost of Capital (“WACC”). After incorporating Sections 2.1 
through 2.3 above, the agreed WACC to be applied to AES Indiana’s original cost Rate Base is 
7.03%. 
(e) 
Net Operating Income (“NOI”). AES Indiana’s authorized NOI will be $390.0 
million. 
3. 
Fuel Oil Inventory. The Company agrees to reduce Rate Base by $1.1 million for 
Fuel Oil Inventory, consistent with the recommendation of OUCC witness Eckert, which reduces 
the revenue requirement by $37,000. 
4. 
Forecasted Test Year Revenue.  The Company agrees to increase forecasted Test 
Year Revenues by $0.2 million to accept OUCC witness Leader’s position. 
5. 
Depreciation Rates and Expense. Solely for purposes of compromise in this 
proceeding, the depreciation rates and expense will be based on the depreciation rates as calculated 
by Company witness Spanos using the ALG procedure, which results in a revenue requirement 
decrease of approximately $37.8 million.  The Settling Parties acknowledge that the ALG 
procedure shall be applied on a going forward basis to the Company’s Test Year end electric plant 
in service which amount was calculated by the Company using ELG.  The Settling Parties agree 
176987972v4 
 
3 
 
that use of this methodology reasonably considers Affordability as that term is used in Ind. Code 
§§ 8-1-2-0.5 and 8-1-2-0.6.  In its next rate case, while AES Indiana reserves its right to propose 
alternate depreciation methodologies, AES Indiana shall include in its testimony an update to its 
depreciation rates using the ALG procedure.  The Settling Parties also agree to adjust the service 
lives of assets included in FERC accounts 353 and 365 by $2.2 million, consistent with the 
recommendation of IG witness Andrews.  The combination of these two items is a revenue 
requirement reduction of $40.0 million. 
6. 
Distribution Vegetation Management. Distribution Vegetation Management 
expense will be reduced by $6.0 million and the trim cycle extended to six years.  
7. 
Amortizations. The amortization period for all regulatory items using three years 
on AES Indiana Schedule RB8 will be four years instead of three years as proposed by AES 
Indiana.  This reduces the revenue requirement by $6.3 million.   
8. 
Public Utility Fee and Revenue Conversion Factor. The public utility fee of 
0.1750% will be used to determine the Public Utility Fee and the revenue conversion factor for 
pro forma present and proposed rates as proposed by the Company.  
9. 
Major Storms. The Major Storm Damage and Restoration Reserve deferral will 
be amortized over four years instead of three years, which decreases the revenue requirement by 
$1.2 million.   
10. 
CIS (billing system).  
(a) 
The equity portion of the “return on” the December 31, 2026, end of test year Rate 
Base amount of the CIS (billing system) portion of the ACE project will be removed from the 
revenue requirement in this case.  This will be implemented through a $1.9 million expense 
reduction on AES Indiana Schedule OM19.  This expense reduction reflects the equity return, 
using the Capital Structure agreed to above, on the $40.7 million December 31, 2026, end of test 
year Rate Base for the CIS billing system.  This agreed reduction applies to this case only; but 
nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a limitation on the rights of litigants or the 
Commission in future proceedings. 
 
(b) 
The approximately $40 million in incremental uncollectible accounts expense and 
the $7 million in forgone late fees related to the CIS billing system issues discussed in the rebuttal 
testimony of Company witness Rogers shall not be recovered through the revenue requirement 
established in this case or any future case. 
 
11. 
Payroll Expense. AES Indiana Schedule OM19 will be lowered by $4.0 million 
inclusive of adjustment to Payroll Tax Expense (total amount reflected on OM19). 
12. 
Rate Case Expense. Rate case expense reflected in the Company’s case-in-chief 
will be reduced by $1.5 million and amortized over four years instead of three years, which results 
in an $0.8 million reduction in annual revenue requirement.  
13. 
Base Cost of Fuel. As a compromise, the Company’s base cost of fuel will be 
reduced by $15 million which results in a $0.04381 per kWh base cost of fuel in this case.  This 
176987972v4 
 
4 
 
results in a $15.1 million reduction to revenue requirement.  Additionally, AES Indiana agrees to 
present an updated natural gas hedging plan that reflects the Company’s test year end portfolio 
resources to the Commission for review in a future fuel cost proceeding following approval of this 
Settlement Agreement.  
14. 
TDSIC Plan 2.0. The Company’s current TDSIC Plan approved in Cause No. 
45264 enters its final year in 2026.  As part of this Settlement Agreement package, AES Indiana 
agrees to delay the start of its next proposed TDSIC Plan until no sooner than January 1, 2028.  
The Company agrees that, at least six months before the planned filing date for its next proposed 
TDSIC Plan, it will initiate a stakeholder process open to all parties to this Cause to discuss the 
anticipated TDSIC investment and projects that the Company intends to include within the TDSIC 
Plan.  
15. 
Next AES Indiana Basic Rates Case. AES Indiana agrees that the Company will 
not seek to implement a change in basic rates and charges as a result of its next basic rates case 
prior to January 1, 2030.  
16. 
Public-Facing Electric Vehicle (“EV”) Rate. AES Indiana commits to a 
stakeholder process to begin within six months of the date of the Final Order in this Cause with 
the intent of developing a public-facing EV Rate to facilitate charging at customer-owned locations 
in a filing prior to AES Indiana’s next electric base rate case.  
17. 
Other.    
(a) 
The Settling Parties agree that the new basic rates approved by the Commission in 
this Cause will be applicable only for service rendered by the Company on or after the date the 
Commission’s Energy Division approves the Company’s new tariff.  More specifically, Step 1 
rates will be implemented on a services-rendered basis as soon as possible following the issuance 
of an Order in this Cause and approval of AES Indiana new tariff.  Step 2 rates will be implemented 
on a services-rendered basis and subject to true-up as proposed by AES Indiana. 
(b) 
The Company will withdraw its request for approval of a tax rider. 
(c) 
AES Indiana shall complete the report contemplated by Paragraph 10.2 from the 
Cause No. 45911 settlement on or before April 30, 2026.  Upon presentation of this Settlement 
Agreement to the Commission, irrespective of the timing of a Final Order in this docket, the 
Company shall commence efforts to complete the required report, including establishing meetings 
with City personnel to obtain input as well as other information.  The initial meeting with the City 
regarding this report shall be scheduled to occur no later than 30 days following the submission of 
this Settlement Agreement to the Commission. 
(d) 
AES Indiana and the City agree that when relocating streetlights for a capital 
improvement project, as contemplated by Paragraph 10.4 of the Cause No. 45911 Settlement, 
“relocation” means up to, and including, 12 feet from the existing site of the streetlight as provided 
in the restated and revised provision set forth below: 
 
176987972v4 
 
5 
 
Streetlight relocations for capital projects. AES Indiana agrees that “relocation” as used in 
this provision means up to, and including, 12 feet from the existing site of the streetlight. 
AES Indiana agrees that when streetlights under the Tariff MU-1 City Street Lighting with 
CIAC rates agreed to in this Settlement Agreement (“City CIAC Rate(s)”) are required to 
be relocated for a capital improvement project, regardless of the distance of the relocation, 
such street lights shall not be considered “new construction”. This Section does not address 
the obligation to pay for the relocation of the facilities. Except for the definition of 
relocation set forth above, nothing in this Paragraph shall be interpreted to conflict with 
AES Indiana’s MU-1 tariff, the City Revised Code Sections 645-701 through 645-706, or 
as amended, or 170 Ind. Adm in. Code §4-1-28. 
 
(e) 
AES Indiana and the City agree to continue the quarterly meetings with appropriate 
decision makers from both AES Indiana and the City present agreed to in Paragraph 10.5 of the 
Cause No. 45911 Settlement.  These quarterly meetings will continue irrespective of the timing of 
AES Indiana’s next base rate case and/or any TDSIC filing. As part of these meetings,  AES 
Indiana and the City agree  to engage in discussions regarding new utility poles and  ways to 
facilitate transfers of collocated facilities from the utility pole no longer used by AES Indiana for 
electric service to the new utility pole to avoid duplication of poles in the City’s rights of way.  
(f) 
Upon presentation of this Settlement Agreement to the Commission, irrespective 
of the timing of a Final Order in this docket, AES Indiana and the City agree that they will meet 
within 60 days to discuss a plan and timeline for the conversion to LED of the remaining legacy 
lighting fixtures used to provide streetlighting to the City. Unless otherwise agreed to by the City 
and AES Indiana, these meetings will be separate and distinct from the required study under 
Paragraph 10.2 in the Cause No. 45911 Settlement or the regular quarterly meetings also agreed 
to in the IURC Cause No. 45911 proceeding.  These meetings shall not preclude AES Indiana from 
considering the conversion of LED lighting as part of its next TDSIC plan submitted to the 
Commission but any such consideration shall be discussed as part of the stakeholder process 
agreed to in Paragraph I.A.14 above. 
(g) 
AES Indiana agrees that any new, replaced or relocated Company-owned municipal 
streetlighting installations shall be in compliance with the Americans with Disability Act (ADA). 
Any deviations from ADA compliance shall require prior consultation with authorized DPW 
personnel. 
(h) 
AES Indiana shall analyze and develop a written report regarding vegetation 
management around Company owned street lighting infrastructure in the City’s rights of way. The 
Company will solicit input from the City on this analysis. The Company will provide its report to 
the City (subject to the protection of confidential information) within one year after issuance of a 
Commission Final Order approving this Settlement Agreement.  
(i) 
AES Indiana agrees to engage in discussions with Rolls-Royce following the rate 
case on ways to ameliorate the peaks associated with Rolls-Royce’s engine testing, such as use of 
battery storage. 
 
176987972v4 
 
6 
 
B. 
COST OF SERVICE, RATE DESIGN AND OTHER ISSUES.  
1. 
Revenue Allocation.   
(a) 
The Settling Parties agree that rates should be designed in order to allocate the 
revenue requirement to and among AES Indiana’s customer classes in a fair and reasonable 
manner.  For settlement purposes, the Settling Parties agree that Settlement Agreement Attachment 
B specifies the revenue allocation agreed to by all Settling Parties.  This revenue allocation is 
determined strictly for settlement purposes and is without reference to any particular, specific cost 
allocation methodology.  The demand allocators for AES Indiana’s rate adjustment mechanisms 
are set forth in Settlement Agreement Attachment C.  
(b) 
The Settling Parties agree that Settlement Agreement Attachment D presents the 
“customer class revenue allocation factor[s] based on firm load,” as that phrase is used in Ind. 
Code § 8-1-39-9(a)(1) for recovery of transmission-related and distribution related costs.  The 
Settling Parties agree that all revenues and allocation factors on Settlement Agreement Attachment 
D have had interruptible load removed.  The Settling Parties also agree that Settlement Agreement 
Attachment D reflects the percentage of distribution and transmission costs allocable to each 
individual Rate Code. The Settling Parties further agree that the factors will be adjusted to reflect 
the addition of any large load customers, as that term is defined in Ind. Code § 8-1-7.9-10(a), in 
each TDSIC 2.0 plan update proceeding under Ind. Code § 8-1-39-9(b). 
(c) 
In reaching the agreement set forth in this paragraph B and associated attachments, 
the Settling Parties considered the following principles:  
(1) 
The settlement revenue requirement decrease agreed to in this Settlement 
Agreement will be allocated so that all major rate classes receive a benefit as a direct result of the 
negotiation reduction in the proposed revenue increase reflected in the Company’s case-in-chief.  
(2) 
No class will receive an overall rate decrease from current rates as a result of the 
rates implemented pursuant to this Settlement Agreement.  
(3) 
Subject to Item (4), no customer class will receive an increase that is more than 1.3 
times the overall system. 
(4) 
The total current rates subsidy received by the residential class shown in AES 
Indiana witness Rimal’s revenue allocation analysis shall be mitigated by 15%.   
2. 
Residential Customer Charges.  The Settling Parties agree that the AES Indiana 
residential fixed, monthly customer charges shall remain at the current Commission-approved 
level as set forth below: 
kWh/mo. 
Settlement 
≤ 325 
$12.50 
> 325 
$17.00 
176987972v4 
7 
3.
Secondary Service (Large) Rate Class. The Settling Parties agree that the 
Secondary Service (Large) Rate Class customer charge shall be set at $128.00 as proposed by the 
Company, the demand charge be set at $28.50, and any remaining allocated revenues be recovered 
through the energy charge. 
4.
Rates.  The provisions of this Section B will be implemented in the cost of service 
study and rates included with AES Indiana’s testimony supporting this Settlement Agreement. 
C.
REMAINING ISSUES. Any matters not addressed by this Settlement Agreement 
will be adopted as proposed by AES Indiana in its direct and rebuttal case. 
II.
PRESENTATION OF THE SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT TO THE 
COMMISSION. 
A. 
The Settling Parties shall support this Settlement Agreement before the 
Commission and request that the Commission expeditiously accept and approve the Settlement 
Agreement with minimal delay to the April 1, 2026 target order date. 
B. 
The Settling Parties will file testimony specifically supporting the Settlement 
Agreement, including testimony from AES Indiana, Industrial Group and Walmart.  The Settling 
Parties agree to provide each other with an opportunity to review drafts of testimony supporting 
the Settlement Agreement and to consider the input of the other Settling Parties.  Such evidence, 
together with the evidence previously prefiled by the Settling Parties in this Cause, will be offered 
into evidence without objection.  The Settling Parties waive cross-examination of each other’s 
witnesses but reserve the right to ask questions of any witness who may be cross-examined by a 
non-settling party.   
C. 
The concurrence of the Settling Parties with the terms of this Settlement Agreement 
is expressly predicated upon the Commission’s approval of the Settlement Agreement in its 
entirety without modification of a material condition deemed unacceptable to any Settling Party.  
If the Commission fails to approve this Settlement Agreement in its entirety, the Settlement 
Agreement shall be null and void and deemed withdrawn upon notice in writing by any Settling 
Party within fifteen (15) business days after the date of the Final Order that contains any 
unacceptable modifications.  If the Settlement Agreement is withdrawn, the Settling Parties agree 
that the terms herein shall not be admissible in evidence or cited by any party in a subsequent 
proceeding.  In the event the Settlement Agreement is withdrawn, the Settling Parties will request 
an Attorneys’ Conference to be convened to establish a procedural schedule for the continued 
litigation of this proceeding. 
D. 
A Commission Order approving this Settlement Agreement shall be effective 
immediately, and the agreements contained herein shall be unconditional, effective, and binding 
on all Settling Parties upon incorporation and approval in a Final Order of the Commission. 
176987972v4 
 
8 
 
III. 
EFFECT AND USE OF SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT. 
A. 
It is understood that this Settlement Agreement is reflective of a negotiated 
settlement, and neither the making of this Settlement Agreement nor any of its provisions shall 
constitute an admission by any Settling Party in this or any other litigation or proceeding except 
to the extent necessary to implement and enforce its terms.  It is also understood that each and 
every term of this Settlement Agreement is in consideration and support of each and every other 
term. 
 
B. 
Neither the making of this Settlement Agreement (nor the execution of any of the 
other documents or pleadings required to effectuate the provisions of this Settlement Agreement), 
nor the provisions thereof, nor the entry by the Commission of a Final Order approving this 
Settlement Agreement, shall establish any principles or legal precedent applicable to Commission 
proceedings other than those resolved herein.  
 
C. 
This Settlement Agreement shall not constitute and shall not be used as precedent 
by any person or entity in any other proceeding or for any other purpose, except to the extent 
necessary to implement or enforce this Settlement Agreement. 
 
D. 
This Settlement Agreement is solely the result of compromise in the settlement 
process and except as provided herein, is without prejudice to and shall not constitute a waiver of 
any position that any Settling Party may take with respect to any or all of the items resolved here 
and in any future regulatory or other proceedings. 
 
E. 
The Settling Parties agree the evidence in support of this Settlement Agreement 
constitutes substantial evidence sufficient to support this Settlement Agreement and provides an 
adequate evidentiary basis upon which the Commission can make any findings of fact and 
conclusions of law necessary for the approval of this Settlement Agreement, as filed.  The Settling 
Parties shall prepare and file an agreed proposed order with the Commission as soon as reasonably 
possible after the filing of this Settlement Agreement and the final evidentiary hearing. 
 
F. 
The communications and discussions during the negotiations and conferences and 
any materials produced and exchanged concerning this Settlement Agreement all relate to offers 
of settlement and shall be confidential, without prejudice to the position of any Settling Party, and 
are not to be used in any manner in connection with any other proceeding or otherwise. 
 
G. 
The undersigned Settling Parties have represented and agreed that they are fully 
authorized to execute the Settlement Agreement on behalf of their respective clients, and their 
successor and assigns, which will be bound thereby. 
 
H. 
The Settling Parties shall not appeal or seek rehearing, reconsideration, or a stay of 
the Commission Order approving this Settlement Agreement in its entirety and without change or 
condition(s) unacceptable to any Settling Party (or related orders to the extent such orders are 
specifically implementing the provisions of this Settlement Agreement).  
 
176987972v4 
 
9 
 
I. 
The provisions of this Settlement Agreement shall be enforceable by any Settling 
Party upon approval and incorporation into a Final Order first before the Commission and 
thereafter in any state court of competent jurisdiction as necessary. 
 
J. 
This Settlement Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. 
 
ACCEPTED and AGREED as of the 15th day of October 2025. 
 
 
AES INDIANA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chad Rogers 
Director, Regulatory Affairs 
AES Indiana 
One Monument Circle 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 
 
 
AES INDIANA INDUSTRIAL GROUP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joseph P. Rompala  
Aaron A. Schmoll 
Emily R. Vlasak 
LEWIS & KAPPES, P.C. 
One American Square, Suite 2500 
Indianapolis, IN 46282  
 
 
WALMART, INC 
 
 
__________________________________ 
Barry A. Naum 
Steven W. Lee 
SPILMAN THOMAS & BATTLE, PLLC 
1100 Bent Creek Boulevard, Suite 101 
Mechanicsburg, PA 17050 
 
 
 
ROLLS-ROYCE CORPORATION 
~ 
.. ·d?aru 
Niduishoultz 
~
-
-
-
-
Kristina Kem Wheeler 
Gregory Loyd 
Bose McKinney & Evans LLP 
111 Monument Circle, Suite 2700 
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204 
II 
OF INDIANAPOLIS 
. 
[. 'B~, 
Anne E. Becker 
LEWIS & KAPPES, P.C. 
One American Square, Suite 2500 
Indianapolis, IN 46282 
176987972v4 
10 
AES Indiana 2025 Basic Rates Case
Cause No. 46258
Settlement Agreement Attachment A
Revenue Requirement Impact
Cause No. 46258 (in $000s)
Financial Schedule
AES Indiana
Settlement RR 
(Proposed) Impact
Rev Req - Present 
Rates
Rev Req - 
Proposed Rates
Rev Req 
Deficiency
Overall 
Inc
Adjusted Test Year Revenues at Present Rates - Direct Testimony
1,917,683
$           
192,931
$           
10.1%
Correct Sign on REV5 WP5 Cell C7
REV5-WP5
1,923,412
$           
(5,729)
$               
Starting Point - Revised Ask at Proposed Rates
OPINC
1,923,412
$           
2,110,614
$           
187,202
$           
9.7%
ROE 10.7% to 9.75%
CC2
(32,679)
$                           
1,923,412
$           
2,077,935
$           
154,523
$           
8.0%
LT Debt 2025 Issuance
CC1-WP1
(1,301)
$                             
1,923,412
$           
2,076,634
$           
153,222
$           
8.0%
Depreciation Expense ALG
DEPR
(37,750)
$                           
1,923,412
$           
2,038,884
$           
115,472
$           
6.0%
Depreciation Adjust FERC 353 & 365 ASL
DEPR
(2,214)
$                             
1,923,412
$           
2,036,670
$           
113,258
$           
5.9%
Reduce Vegetation Management Expense by $6M
OM12
(6,051)
$                             
1,923,412
$           
2,030,619
$           
107,207
$           
5.6%
Amort 3 yrs to 4 yrs - Reg Assets 
RB8-WP1
(6,265)
$                             
1,923,412
$           
2,024,354
$           
100,942
$           
5.2%
Amort 3 yrs to 4 yrs - Storm Exp 
OM11
(1,180)
$                             
1,923,412
$           
2,023,174
$           
99,762
$              
5.2%
Amort 3 yrs to 4 yrs - RC Exp 
OM21
(409)
$                                 
1,923,412
$           
2,022,765
$           
99,353
$              
5.2%
Reduce Rate Case Expense by $1.5M
OM21
(376)
$                                 
1,923,412
$           
2,022,389
$           
98,977
$              
5.1%
No Equity "Return on" ACE CIS Component
OM19
(1,912)
$                             
1,923,412
$           
2,020,477
$           
97,065
$              
5.0%
Labor Cost Decrease - $4 million
OM19
(4,023)
$                             
1,923,412
$           
2,016,454
$           
93,042
$              
4.8%
Reduce RB Fuel Oil
RB7-WP2
(37)
$                                   
1,923,412
$           
2,016,417
$           
93,005
$              
4.8%
Increase Test Year Forecasted Revenues 
REV4-WP3
1
$                                      
1,923,642
$           
2,016,418
$           
92,776
$              
4.8%
Reduce Base Cost of Fuel
OM2 
(15,086)
$                           
1,908,632
$           
2,001,332
$           
92,700
$              
4.9%
Cause 45911 Prepaid Pension Asset Adjustment ($33.180 million)
CC2
(2,043)
$                             
1,908,632
$           
1,999,289
$           
90,657
$              
4.7%
Rev Req Impact
(111,325)
$                         
Revenue Deficiency Impact
(111,325)
$             
(102,274)
$          
-53.0%
AES Indiana 2025 Basic Rates Case
Cause No. 46258
Settlement Agreement Attachment B
Page 1 of 3
Settlement Agreement Revenue Allocation
A
B
C
D 
E 
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
Current Revenue
Proposed Revenue
ACOSS Deficiency 
at 4.27% ROR
ACOSS Rate 
Increase
Current Subsidy at  
3.53% ROR
Eliminate 50% of 
Current Subsidy
Revised Deficiency
Revised Rate 
Incr.
Δ %
Mitigated 
Revenue post 
Subsidy 
Reduction
System Total
1,855,975,784
$        
1,946,631,916
$        
(90,656,132)
$         
4.88%
1,946,631,916
$       
 Residential 
RS
835,699,639
$           
931,230,278
$           
(95,530,639)
$         
11.43%
(48,380,793)
$          
(24,190,397)
$             
(71,340,243)
$             
8.54%
2.89%
907,039,882
$          
 Secondary Small [1] 
SS
217,300,922
$           
203,498,922
$           
13,802,000
$           
-6.35%
23,454,847
$            
11,727,424
$              
2,074,577
$                
-0.95%
-5.40%
215,226,345
$          
 Space Conditioning 
SH
76,159,748
$             
77,914,453
$             
(1,754,705)
$           
2.30%
2,053,919
$              
1,026,959
$                
(2,781,664)
$               
3.65%
-1.35%
78,941,412
$            
 Space Conditioning - Schools 
SE
2,086,340
$               
1,758,774
$               
327,566
$                
-15.70%
404,992
$                 
202,496
$                   
125,070
$                   
-5.99%
-9.71%
1,961,270
$              
 Water Heating - Controlled 
CB
63,746
$                    
87,142
$                    
(23,395)
$                
36.70%
(18,701)
$                 
(9,351)
$                      
(14,045)
$                    
22.03%
14.67%
77,791
$                   
 Water Heating - Uncontrolled 
UW
165,757
$                  
179,442
$                  
(13,685)
$                
8.26%
(5,110)
$                   
(2,555)
$                      
(11,130)
$                    
6.71%
1.54%
176,887
$                 
 Secondary Large 
 SL 
404,711,734
$           
406,558,795
$           
(1,847,061)
$           
0.46%
15,506,995
$            
7,753,498
$                
(9,600,559)
$               
2.37%
-1.92%
414,312,293
$          
 Primary Large 
 PL-HL 
297,515,100
$           
290,120,832
$           
7,394,268
$             
-2.49%
18,439,564
$            
9,219,782
$                
(1,825,514)
$               
0.61%
-3.10%
299,340,614
$          
 Process Heating 
 PH 
2,876,925
$               
2,685,076
$               
191,849
$                
-6.67%
303,937
$                 
151,968
$                   
39,881
$                     
-1.39%
-5.28%
2,837,045
$              
 Automatic Protective Lighting 
 APL 
9,257,823
$               
13,418,385
$             
(4,160,561)
$           
44.94%
(3,817,321)
$            
(1,908,661)
$               
(2,251,901)
$               
24.32%
20.62%
11,509,724
$            
 Municipal Lighting 
 MU1 
10,138,050
$             
19,179,817
$             
(9,041,768)
$           
89.19%
(7,942,329)
$            
(3,971,164)
$               
(5,070,603)
$               
50.02%
39.17%
15,208,653
$            
(0)
$                          
(0)
$                             
(90,656,132)
$         
Change in Other Revenue
-
$                           
Notes:
Total Revenue Deficiency
(90,656,132)
$             
[1] Includes new rate code MD (Small Metered Device)
50% Subsidy Reduction
Increase Capped at 1.3 times System Increase
MD limited to cost to revenue ratio of 1.25
RS Subsidy Reduction Target of 15%
Current Revenue
Proposed Revenue
ACOSS Deficiency 
at 4.27% ROR
ACOSS Rate 
Increase
Current Subsidy at  
3.53% ROR
Eliminate 50% of 
Current Subsidy
Revised Deficiency
Revised Rate 
Incr.
Δ %
Mitigated 
Revenue post 
Subsidy 
Reduction
System Total
1,855,975,784
$        
1,946,631,916
$        
(90,656,132)
$         
4.88%
1,946,631,916
$       
 Residential 
835,699,639
$           
931,230,278
$           
(95,530,639)
$         
11.43%
(48,380,793)
$          
(24,190,397)
$             
(71,340,243)
$         
8.54%
2.89%
907,039,882
$          
 Small C&I 
295,776,513
$           
283,438,732
$           
12,337,781
$           
-4.17%
25,889,947
$            
12,944,973
$              
(607,192)
$              
0.21%
-4.38%
296,383,705
$          
 Large C&I 
705,103,759
$           
699,364,703
$           
5,739,056
$             
-0.81%
34,250,496
$            
17,125,248
$              
(11,386,193)
$         
1.61%
-2.43%
716,489,952
$          
 Lighting 
19,395,873
$             
32,598,202
$             
(13,202,329)
$         
68.07%
(11,759,650)
$          
(5,879,825)
$               
(7,322,504)
$           
37.75%
30.31%
26,718,377
$            
(0)
$                          
(0)
$                             
(90,656,132)
$         
Notes:
50% Subsidy Reduction
Increase Capped at 1.3 times System Increase
MD limited to cost to revenue ratio of 1.25
RS Subsidy Reduction Target of 15%
AES Indiana 2025 Basic Rates Case
Cause No. 46258
Settlement Agreement Attachment B
Page 2 of 3
Settlement Agreement Revenue Allocation
A
B
System Total
 Residential 
RS
 Secondary Small [1] 
SS
 Space Conditioning 
SH
 Space Conditioning - Schools 
SE
 Water Heating - Controlled 
CB
 Water Heating - Uncontrolled 
UW
 Secondary Large 
 SL 
 Primary Large 
 PL-HL 
 Process Heating 
 PH 
 Automatic Protective Lighting 
 APL 
 Municipal Lighting 
 MU1 
Notes:
[1] Includes new rate code MD (Small Metered Device)
50% Subsidy Reduction
Increase Capped at 1.3 times System Increase
MD limited to cost to revenue ratio of 1.25
RS Subsidy Reduction Target of 15%
System Total
 Residential 
 Small C&I 
 Large C&I 
 Lighting 
Notes:
50% Subsidy Reduction
Increase Capped at 1.3 times System Increase
MD limited to cost to revenue ratio of 1.25
RS Subsidy Reduction Target of 15%
6.35%
1.3  times System Increase
First Iteration: Targets 1.3x
M
N
O
P
Q
R
Max if Increase 
capped at 1.3x 
System Increase
Classes Over Cap
Classes Under 
Cap
Additional 
Mitigation
Interim Revised 
Deficiency
Classes Under Cap
53,066,256
$           
(18,273,987)
$       
-
$                         
18,273,987
$           
(53,066,256)
$         
-
$                              
13,773,825
$           
-
$                         
15,801,037
$        
(7,478,742)
$            
(5,408,729)
$           
8,322,295
$               
4,836,083
$             
-
$                         
2,054,419
$          
(972,371)
$               
(3,754,035)
$           
1,082,048
$               
132,481
$                
-
$                         
257,551
$             
(121,901)
$               
3,169
$                    
135,650
$                  
4,048
$                    
(9,997)
$                
-
$                         
9,997
$                    
(4,048)
$                  
-
$                              
10,525
$                  
(605)
$                   
-
$                         
605
$                       
(10,525)
$                
-
$                              
25,698,870
$           
-
$                         
16,098,311
$        
(7,619,443)
$            
(17,220,003)
$         
8,478,867
$               
18,891,970
$           
-
$                         
17,066,456
$        
(8,077,673)
$            
(9,903,187)
$           
8,988,783
$               
182,682
$                
-
$                         
222,563
$             
(105,341)
$               
(65,460)
$                
117,222
$                  
587,864
$                
(1,664,036)
$         
-
$                         
1,664,036
$             
(587,864)
$              
-
$                              
643,758
$                
(4,426,845)
$         
-
$                         
4,426,845
$             
(643,758)
$              
0
$                             
(24,375,470)
$       
51,500,336
$        
-
$                        
(90,660,696)
$         
27,124,866
$             
(4,564)
$                   
Change in Other Revenue
-
$                            
Total Revenue Deficiency
(90,656,132)
$          
0
Max if Increase 
capped at 1.3x 
System Increase
Classes Over Cap
Classes Under 
Cap
Additional 
Mitigation
Interim Revised 
Deficiency
Classes Under Cap
53,066,256
$           
(18,273,987)
$       
-
$                         
18,273,987
$           
(53,066,256)
$         
-
$                              
18,756,962
$           
(10,602)
$              
18,113,006
$        
(8,562,411)
$            
(9,174,168)
$           
9,539,993
$               
44,773,522
$           
-
$                         
33,387,330
$        
(15,802,457)
$          
(27,188,650)
$         
17,584,872
$             
1,231,622
$             
(6,090,881)
$         
-
$                         
6,090,881
$             
(1,231,622)
$           
0
$                             
(24,375,470)
$       
51,500,336
$        
-
$                            
(90,660,696)
$         
27,124,866
$             
AES Indiana 2025 Basic Rates Case
Cause No. 46258
Settlement Agreement Attachment B
Page 3 of 3
Settlement Agreement Revenue Allocation
A
B
System Total
 Residential 
RS
 Secondary Small [1] 
SS
 Space Conditioning 
SH
 Space Conditioning - Schools 
SE
 Water Heating - Controlled 
CB
 Water Heating - Uncontrolled 
UW
 Secondary Large 
 SL 
 Primary Large 
 PL-HL 
 Process Heating 
 PH 
 Automatic Protective Lighting 
 APL 
 Municipal Lighting 
 MU1 
Notes:
[1] Includes new rate code MD (Small Metered Device)
50% Subsidy Reduction
Increase Capped at 1.3 times System Increase
MD limited to cost to revenue ratio of 1.25
RS Subsidy Reduction Target of 15%
System Total
 Residential 
 Small C&I 
 Large C&I 
 Lighting 
Notes:
50% Subsidy Reduction
Increase Capped at 1.3 times System Increase
MD limited to cost to revenue ratio of 1.25
RS Subsidy Reduction Target of 15%
Second Iteration: Targets MD (within SS) Revenue to Cost Ratio 1.25
Final Iteration: Targets 15% Residential Reduction
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
AA
AB
AC
AD
AE
AF
Additional 
Mitigation
Pre-Final Revised 
Deficiency
Pre-Final 
Rate Incr.
Pre-Final Revenue 
Requirement
Mitigation
Current 
Subsidy 
Eliminated (%)
Revenue to 
Cost Ratio
Additional 
Mitigation
Final Revised 
Deficiency
Final Rate Incr.
Final Revenue 
Requirement
Total 
Mitigation
Current 
Subsidy 
Eliminated (%)
Revenue to 
Cost Ratio
-
$                         
(53,066,256)
$         
6.35%
888,765,895
$           
(42,464,384)
$       
12.23%
0.95
(1,340,717)
$      
(54,406,972)
$    
6.51%
890,106,611
$        
(41,123,667)
$    
15.00%
0.96
(1,400)
$                
(5,407,328)
$           
2.49%
222,708,250
$           
19,209,329
$        
18.10%
1.09
288,517
$          
(5,118,811)
$      
2.36%
222,419,733
$        
18,920,812
$     
19.33%
1.09
(182)
$                   
(3,753,853)
$           
4.93%
79,913,601
$             
1,999,148
$          
2.67%
1.03
103,528
$          
(3,650,325)
$      
4.79%
79,810,073
$          
1,895,621
$       
7.71%
1.02
(23)
$                     
23
$                         
0.00%
2,086,317
$               
327,543
$             
19.12%
1.19
-
$                      
23
$                   
0.00%
2,086,317
$            
327,543
$          
19.12%
1.19
-
$                         
(4,048)
$                  
6.35%
67,794
$                    
(19,348)
$              
-3.46%
0.78
-
$                      
(4,048)
$             
6.35%
67,794
$                 
(19,348)
$           
-3.46%
0.78
-
$                         
(10,525)
$                
6.35%
176,282
$                  
(3,160)
$                
38.17%
0.98
-
$                      
(10,525)
$           
6.35%
176,282
$               
(3,160)
$             
38.17%
0.98
(1,427)
$                
(17,218,576)
$         
4.25%
421,930,310
$           
15,371,514
$        
0.87%
1.04
546,608
$          
(16,671,968)
$    
4.12%
421,383,702
$        
14,824,906
$     
4.40%
1.04
(1,512)
$                
(9,898,506)
$           
3.33%
307,413,606
$           
17,292,774
$        
6.22%
1.06
398,252
$          
(9,500,253)
$      
3.19%
307,015,354
$        
16,894,521
$     
8.38%
1.06
(20)
$                     
(65,440)
$                
2.27%
2,942,365
$               
257,289
$             
15.35%
1.10
3,812
$              
(61,629)
$           
2.14%
2,938,554
$            
253,478
$          
16.60%
1.09
-
$                         
(587,864)
$              
6.35%
9,845,688
$               
(3,572,697)
$         
6.41%
0.73
-
$                      
(587,864)
$         
6.35%
9,845,688
$            
(3,572,697)
$      
6.41%
0.73
(0)
$                       
(643,758)
$              
6.35%
10,781,808
$             
(8,398,010)
$         
-5.74%
0.56
-
$                      
(643,758)
$         
6.35%
10,781,808
$          
(8,398,010)
$      
-5.74%
0.56
(4,564)
$                
(90,656,132)
$         
4.88%
1,946,631,916
$        
0
$                        
1.00
(0)
$                    
(90,656,132)
$    
4.88%
1,946,631,916
$     
-
$                  
1.00
1,340,717
$       
<< Additional Mitigation Needed to meet RS Subsidy Reduction Target of 15%
Additional 
Mitigation
Pre-Final Revised 
Deficiency
Pre-Final 
Rate Incr.
Pre-Final Revenue 
Requirement
Mitigation
Current 
Subsidy 
Eliminated (%)
Revenue to 
Cost Ratio
Additional 
Mitigation
Final Revised 
Deficiency
Final Rate Incr.
Final Revenue 
Requirement
Total 
Mitigation
Current 
Subsidy 
Eliminated (%)
Revenue to 
Cost Ratio
-
$                         
(53,066,256)
$         
6.35%
888,765,895
$           
(42,464,384)
$       
12.23%
0.95
(1,340,717)
$      
(54,406,972)
$    
6.51%
890,106,611
$        
(41,123,667)
$    
15.00%
0.96
(1,605)
$                
(9,175,732)
$           
3.10%
304,952,245
$           
21,513,513
$        
16.90%
1.08
392,045
$          
(8,783,687)
$      
2.97%
304,560,200
$        
21,121,468
$     
18.42%
1.07
(2,959)
$                
(27,182,522)
$         
3.86%
732,286,281
$           
32,921,577
$        
3.88%
1.05
948,672
$          
(26,233,850)
$    
3.72%
731,337,609
$        
31,972,905
$     
6.65%
1.05
(0)
$                       
(1,231,622)
$           
6.35%
20,627,495
$             
(11,970,706)
$       
-1.79%
0.63
-
$                      
(1,231,622)
$      
6.35%
20,627,495
$          
(11,970,706)
$    
-1.79%
0.63
(4,564)
$                
(90,656,132)
$         
4.88%
1,946,631,916
$        
0
$                        
1.00
(0)
$                    
(90,656,132)
$    
4.88%
1,946,631,916
$     
(0)
$                    
1.00
AES Indiana 2025 Basic Rates Case
Cause No. 46258 
Settlement Agreement Attachment C
Page 1 of 1
AES Indiana
Demand Factors Used in Rate Adjustment Mechanisms
AES Indiana Confidential Workpaper BR-1.0C-R
Current
Proposed
Change
Current
Proposed
Change
Demand Allocation Factors based on 12 CP Generation in COSS
Demand Allocation Factors based on 12 CP Generation in COSS
Residential
44.0%
45.53%
1.52%
Residential
44.0%
45.53%
1.52%
Small C&I
14.39%
15.08%
0.69%
Small C&I
14.39%
15.08%
0.69%
Large C&I - PL
Large C&I - PL
Large C&I - HL
Large C&I - HL
Large C&I - Primary
17.31%
15.98%
-1.33%
Large C&I - Primary
17.31%
15.98%
-1.33%
Large C&I - SL & PH
Large C&I - SL & PH
Large C&I - Secondary
24.06%
23.18%
-0.88%
Large C&I - Secondary
24.06%
23.18%
-0.88%
Large C&I - Total
41.37%
39.17%
-2.21%
Large C&I - Total
41.37%
39.17%
-2.21%
Lighting
0.24%
0.23%
-0.01%
Lighting
0.24%
0.23%
-0.01%
Total
100.00%
100.00%
0.00%
Total
100.00%
100.00%
0.00%
ECR
OSS, CAP, RTO
AES Indiana 2025 Basic Rates Case
Cause No. 46258
Settlement Agreement Attachment D
Page 1 of 1
AES Indiana
Revenue Percentages
Test Year Ended December 31, 2026
TDSIC Allocation Factors
(A)
(B)
(C)
(D)
(E)
(F)
(G)
(H)
Rate Class
Rate Code(s)
Total Revenue 
Requirement 
Percent
Class Revenue 
Allocation - 
Transmission
Percent
Class Revenue 
Allocation - 
Distribution
Percent
Residential
RS, RC, RH
890,106,611
$                    
45.73%
46,595,338
$                    
41.78%
221,680,708
$            
58.77%
Small C&I
SS, SH, SE, CB, UW
304,560,200
                      
15.65%
18,354,391
                      
16.46%
59,886,172
                
15.88%
Large C&I - Secondary
SL, PH
424,322,255
                      
21.80%
27,012,119
                      
24.22%
61,389,673
                
16.28%
Large C&I - Primary
PL, HL
307,015,354
                      
15.77%
19,398,697
                      
17.39%
33,021,117
                
8.75%
Lighting
APL, MU1
20,627,495
$                      
1.06%
160,850
$                         
0.14%
1,200,725
$                
0.32%
TOTAL SYSTEM
1,946,631,916
$                 
100.00%
111,521,395
$                  
100.00%
377,178,395
$            
100.00%
Rate Code Allocations
(A)
(B)
(C)
(D)
(E)
(F)
(G)
(H)
Rate Class
Rate Code
Total Revenue 
Requirement 
Percent
Class Revenue 
Allocation - 
Transmission
Percent
Class Revenue 
Allocation - 
Distribution
Percent
Residential Service (Rate RS) - Codes RS, RC, RH
RS
890,106,611
$                    
45.73%
46,595,338
$                    
41.78%
221,680,708
$            
58.77%
Secondary Service (Small) (Rate SS)
SS
222,075,425
                      
11.41%
12,879,476
                      
11.55%
44,410,996
$              
11.77%
Municipal Device (Rate MD)
MD
344,308
                             
0.02%
7,061
                               
0.01%
184,591
$                   
0.05%
Electric Space Conditioning-Secondary Service (Rate SH)
SH
79,810,073
                        
4.10%
5,315,145
                        
4.77%
14,873,754
$              
3.94%
Electric Space Conditioning-Schools (Rate SE)
SE
2,086,317
                          
0.11%
143,187
                           
0.13%
355,346
$                   
0.09%
Water Heating-Controlled Service (Rate CB/CW)
CB
67,794
                               
0.00%
2,004
                               
0.00%
18,378
$                     
0.00%
Water Heating-Uncontrolled Service (Rate UW)
UW
176,282
                             
0.01%
7,519
                               
0.01%
43,107
$                     
0.01%
Secondary Service (Large) - (Rate SL)
SL
421,383,702
                      
21.65%
26,840,860
                      
24.07%
60,859,959
$              
16.14%
Primary Service (Large) - (Rate PL)
PL
124,707,553
                      
6.41%
8,282,338
                        
7.43%
16,590,305
$              
4.40%
Process Heating (Rate PH)
PH
2,938,554
                          
0.15%
171,259
                           
0.15%
529,714
$                   
0.14%
High Load Factor (Rate HL-1) (Primary Distribution)
HL1
142,038,626
                      
7.30%
8,202,715
                        
7.36%
16,430,812
$              
4.36%
High Load Factor (Rate HL-2) (Sub transmission)
HL2
18,873,896
                        
0.97%
1,554,999
                        
1.39%
-
$                           
0.00%
High Load Factor (Rate HL-3) (Transmission)
HL3
21,395,279
                        
1.10%
1,358,645
                        
1.22%
-
$                           
0.00%
Automatic Protective Lighting - APL
APL
9,845,688
                          
0.51%
102,962
                           
0.09%
626,769
$                   
0.17%
Municipal Lighting MU-1
MU1
10,781,808
$                      
0.55%
57,888
$                           
0.05%
573,956
$                   
0.15%
TOTAL SYSTEM
1,946,631,916
$                 
100.00%
111,521,395
$                  
100.00%
377,178,395
$            
100.00%
