            BEFORE THE PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION
                  OF THE STATE OF MISSOURI

In the Matter of the Application of Union             )
Electric Company d/b/a Ameren Missouri             )       File No. ET-2025-0184
for Approval of New or Modified Tariffs              )
for Service to Large Load Customers.                  )

   AMENDED NON-UNANIMOUS GLOBAL STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT

    COME NOW, Union Electric Company d/b/a Ameren Missouri (“Ameren Missouri” or

“Company”) and the Staff of the Commission, Amazon Data Services, Inc., Evergy Metro, Inc.,

Evergy Missouri West,  Inc., Google LLC, Renew  Missouri, Missouri  Industrial Energy

Consumers, and Sierra Club (individually, a “Signatory” and collectively, the “Signatories”) and

agree to a Non-Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement (“Agreement”) that resolves all pending

issues in this docket, and supersedes the Corrected Non-Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement

filed in this docket on November 9, 2025, as stated below.

                  STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT

      The Signatories agree to the following:

   A. Overall Proposal

         1.    The Signatories support the Large Load Rate Plan (“LLRP”) set forth herein,

 which includes creation of a new, tariffed rate offering under a specific subsection added to

 the Company’s existing Service Classification No. 11(M) (the “LLCS tariff provisions”), to

 be known as Large Load Customer Service (“LLCS”), as set forth in the exemplar tariff

 sheets attached hereto as Exhibit A.1




1 The Company will create a separate Service Classification applicable to LLCS in its next general rate
case. Until LLCS is created as a separate service classification, Ameren Missouri will file all class cost of
service studies as though LLCS is a separate service classification.

                                          1        2.    The Signatories agree that the LLCS tariff provisions in the form of Exhibit A and

the other tariff provisions in the form of Exhibit B should be approved, with a finding of being

reasonable and in the public interest.

    B. Large Load Customer Rate Plan

        3.     The Signatories agree that the LLRP shall reflect the following terms:

        4.      Applicability: LLCS is required for (i) any new facility beginning service after

the effective date of the LLCS tariff provisions (the “Effective Date”) with a peak load forecast

reasonably expected to be equal to or in excess of a monthly maximum demand of seventy-

five megawatts (75 MW) at any time during the Term or Extension Term; 2 or (ii) any existing

customers, who expand such that, after the Effective Date, have a monthly maximum demand

that is reasonably expected to exceed their pre-existing demand by seventy-five megawatts (75

MW), then the LLCS tariff provisions shall be applicable to the expansion load.

         5.     Service Voltage & Metering: LLCS customers shall receive service at a voltage

 of 115 KV or greater, except that the Company may aggregate premises served at a distribution

 voltage for the purposes of determining applicability of the LLCS tariff provisions based on

 factors including, but not limited to, multiple premises with common owner(s) or a common

 parent company, or multiple premises sharing one or more of the following: common ownership,

 common local electrical infrastructure, physical layout, character of service, end use, and

 common control. Where a LLCS customer receives service at a voltage of 115 kV or greater,

 the customer will own or otherwise bear financial responsibility for construction and operation

 of the distribution substation. LLCS customer premises (also referred to herein as a facility)

 shall generally mean a single point of interconnection, though the Company and customer may



2 See Paragraph 8 below.

                                          2use multiple meters  if determined appropriate. The Company maintains full discretion to

evaluate whether multiple meters or premises may or may not be aggregated for purposes of

LLCS tariff provision applicability, and in its sole reasonable discretion may require multiple

meters or premises to be considered an aggregate load that shall take service under the LLCS

tariff provisions.

        6.     Metering Equipment. For customer facilities taking LLCS due to expansion, the

Company may install metering equipment necessary to measure the incremental LLCS load.

The Company reserves the right to make the determination of whether such load will be

separately metered or sub-metered. If the Company determines that the nature of the expansion

is such that either separate metering or sub-metering is impractical or economically infeasible,

the Company will determine, based on historical usage, what portion of such load is in excess

of the monthly baseline, if any, and such portion will be subject to the LLCS tariff provisions

and LLCS Service Agreement

        7.     Service Agreement Requirement: Customers receiving LLCS are required to

enter in a written service agreement (the “LLCS Service Agreement”) that specifies certain

provisions of their electric service, including Contract Capacity. Riders applicable to customer’s

service will be specified in an exhibit attached to the LLCS Service Agreement, which may be

periodically amended subject to the mutual agreement of the Company and customer to reflect

customer’s participation in Company-offered programs. Commission approval of the foregoing

agreements shall not be required but such agreements must be consistent with the approved

tariffs.

        8.     Service Term: LLCS customers shall take service for a minimum term that

includes up to five (5) years of an optional transitional load ramp period plus twelve (12) years


                                         3(the “Term”). The Term shall commence on the date permanent service begins, or as set forth

in the LLCS Service Agreement. During the transitional load ramp period, the customer’s

maximum load may be lower than seventy-five megawatts (75 MW). Specific details of the

customer’s Load Ramp may be addressed in the LLCS Service Agreement. Unless otherwise

mutually agreed  in  the LLCS  Service Agreement,  the LLCS  Service Agreement  will

automatically extend for periods of five years (“Extension Term”) at the end of the Term or any

Extension Term, unless either party to the LLCS Service Agreement provides at least thirty-six

(36) months’ written notice to the other party prior to the end of the Term or any Extension Term

of its intent not to renew the LLCS Service Agreement, or of its intent to renew the LLCS

Service Agreement for the Extension Term at a reduced Contract Capacity. A customer

providing notice of non-extension will remain subject to the Exit Fee and Early Termination Fee

based upon the remainder of the Term or Extension Term to the extent applicable under the

customer’s LLCS Service Agreement, provided that so long as timely written notice is given

and the notifying customer continues its service for the remaining Term or Extension Term, as

applicable, no Exit Fee or Early Termination Fee shall apply. Service shall remain in effect

throughout the Term and any Extension Term unless cancelled, modified, or terminated in

writing and pursuant to the LLCS tariff provisions or the LLCS Service Agreement, or the

customer changes to another applicable Company rate schedule pursuant to the LLCS tariff

provisions.

        9.     Contract Capacity: The LLCS Service Agreement will include a Contract

Capacity schedule specifying the customer’s forecasted annual peak load requirement for the

post-load ramp period of the Term during on-peak hours. The Contract Capacity schedule shall

also specify the peak load requirement for each quarter during the load ramp during on-peak


                                         4hours. The LLCS Service Agreement will set out any expected off-peak demand that is expected

to be greater than the Contract Capacity. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, the Contract

Capacity during any Extension Term shall be the same as the Contract Capacity for the last year

of the Term immediately preceding Term or Extension Term, as applicable.

       10.  Maximum Demand: Customer has an affirmative obligation to provide an

updated peak demand forecast for each quarter of the upcoming year to provide the best

current estimate of its peak demand by September 1st of each year. Customer is not authorized

to exceed its Contract Capacity in any period, except (i) if the customer specifically requests

authorization from Company to exceed the Contract Capacity for a limited time period, and

(ii) Company verifies that such exceedance will not result in any reliability impacts. Company

will provide Staff notification of any approved exceedance within five (5) business days after

the approval is given, and of any cost impacts of any approved exceedance within forty-five

(45) days.

       11.    Permissible Capacity Reduction: An LLCS customer may request to reduce the

Contract Capacity during the Term or any Extension Term, with the effective date of any such

reduction occurring at any time in the Term by up to twenty (20) percent of the Contract

Capacity (a “Permissible Capacity Reduction”), in total, without charge for such reduction. To

do so, the customer must provide the Company at least twenty-four (24)-months’ prior written

notice. In addition, the customer may request to reduce its Contract Capacity beyond the

Permissible Capacity Reduction, with the effective date of any such reduction occurring at any

time after the first five (5) years of the term by giving the Company at least twenty-four (24)

months’ written notice prior to the beginning of the year for which the reduction is sought,

subject to payment of a Capacity Reduction Fee. The Capacity Reduction Fee shall be calculated


                                         5as two times the difference between (a) the nominal value of the Minimum Monthly Bill using

the Contract Capacity  specified  in the customer’s LLCS Service Agreement minus  (if

applicable) the Permissible Capacity Reduction, times the number of months remaining in the

Term or Extension Term, or for sixty (60) months, whichever is lesser, and (b) the nominal value

of the Minimum Monthly Bill following such a reduction in capacity, times the number of

months remaining in the Term or Extension Term, or for sixty (60) months, whichever is lesser.

For avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Paragraph 11 limits the right of the customer to reduce

its Contract Capacity upon thirty-six (36) months’ written notice before the end of the Term or

Extension Term as permitted by paragraph 8. The Company will use reasonable efforts to

mitigate the Capacity Reduction Fee amount owed by the customer. The Company shall invoice

the customer no earlier than ninety (90) days prior to the date the customer has indicated the

capacity reduction will occur for any unmitigated amounts of the Capacity Reduction Fee based

on the calculation described above, provided that to the extent the Company is able to sell the

difference between the Minimum Demand at the original Contract Capacity and the Minimum

Demand at the reduced Contract Capacity post-such a capacity reduction into the Midcontinent

Independent System Operator capacity market, Company shall refund the proceeds of such

capacity sales (net of all wholesale market costs to do so) to customer annually for a period

equal to the lesser of (i) the remainder of the Term or Extension Term, as applicable, or (ii) sixty

(60 months) post-the date such a capacity reduction occurred, and provided further that the total

refunds to customer shall not exceed the Capacity Reduction Fee. The customer shall pay the

Capacity Reduction Fee within thirty (30) days of the date it receives an invoice from the

Company for the fee. To the extent the customer seeks to reduce its Contract Capacity on less

notice, and the Company can reasonably reassign Contract Capacity to another large load


                                         6customer, the Company in its sole reasonable discretion may agree to a variance from these

provisions. Any notice to reduce capacity is irrevocable once given by the customer unless the

Company, in its sole reasonable discretion, determines that it can accommodate a revocation of

such notice. Any capacity reduction is permanent for the Term and any Extension Term, and

any request by the customer to reinstate such capacity will be subject to the interconnection

process described in Paragraph 49 hereof.

       12.    Termination of LLCS Service Agreement: In order to terminate before the end

of the Term or any Extension Term, the customer must deliver a written notice (a “Termination

Notice”) to Ameren Missouri not less than twenty-four (24) months prior to the effective date

of the termination specified in the Termination Notice (the “Termination Date”).  If a customer

terminates its service under its LLCS Service Agreement pursuant to this Paragraph 12 during

the ramp period, the Customer shall pay to Ameren Missouri an Exit Fee in an amount equal to

the applicable Minimum Monthly Bill multiplied by the number of months in the remaining term

of the load ramp period plus sixty (60) calendar months.  If the customer terminates its service

under its LLCS Service Agreement pursuant to this Paragraph 12 after the ramp period, the

customer shall pay to Ameren Missouri an “Exit Fee” in an amount equal to the applicable

Minimum Monthly Bill multiplied by the lesser of (x) a period of sixty (60) calendar months or

(y) the number of months in remaining Term or Extension Term (such lesser period, the

“Termination Fee Period"). An additional fee shall apply if the customer seeks to terminate with

less than twenty-four (24)-months’ notice (the “Early Termination Fee”). In such case, the Early

Termination Fee shall be equal to two (2) times the nominal value of the applicable Minimum

Monthly Bill times the number of months less than the twenty-four (24)-months’ notice required

for termination. The Large Load Customer shall pay to Ameren Missouri the Exit Fee and, if


                                         7applicable, the Early Termination Fee promptly, and in any event not more than thirty (30) days,

after the Termination Date, by wire transfer of immediately available federal funds to an account

located in the United States as Ameren Missouri may specify by notice.

          Commencing on the date of delivery of the Termination Notice, Company shall

use commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate the amount of the Exit Fee, which efforts are

expressly limited to (i) during the Termination Fee Period, Company selling wholesale capacity

(net of all wholesale market costs to do so), up to the Minimum Demand, in the applicable

Midcontinent Independent System Operator markets or via bilateral transactions, at such times

and in such amounts as Company may determine, and (ii) until the Termination Date, Company

seeking LLCS customers to whom it would provide bundled retail electric service, up to the

Minimum Demand, to one or more other LLCS customers (if available) pursuant to an LLCS

Service Agreements with such customers. For purposes hereof, the “Refund Amount” is the

aggregate net amount received by Company in connection with clauses (i) and (ii) in the

preceding sentence. Within thirty (30) days after December 31 of each calendar year during the

Termination Fee Period, Company shall pay to the customer the portion of the Refund Amount

received by Company during such calendar year, by wire transfer of immediately available

federal funds to an account located in the United States as the customer may specify by notice;

provided that in no event shall the Refund Amount exceed the Termination Fee.  If a customer

qualifies for a different rate schedule (other than Company Service Classifications 2(M), 3(M),

4(M) and the non-LLCS provisions of 11(M)), it may elect to change to such schedule so long

as it meets the requirements therein.

       13.    Applicable Rates and Charges: Customers taking LLCS will be subject to

additional rates and charges as set forth in the Company’s Mo.P.S.C. Schedule No. 6 or any


                                         8 successor thereto, including but not limited to Rider FAC, Rider EEIC,3 Rider SUR, Rider

 RESRAM, 4 and the Cost Stabilization Rider (“CSR”).5

        14.     Initial Pricing: The Signatories agree that the  initial monthly pricing for

 customers taking LLCS shall be consistent with the pricing specified in Exhibit C to this

 Agreement.

                       i.      The Company will compare LLC base rate kilowatt-based revenue

                        collections under the rates in Exhibit C to this Agreement during the

                      period utilized for evaluation for Class Cost of Service (“CCOS”) Study

                     proposed in the next general rate proceeding to base rate kilowatt-based

                     revenue collections that would have occurred for the same customers

                     under the non-Large Load Customer Service provisions of Company

                      Service Classification 11(M) and will identify and reallocate the

                        difference in revenues to non-LLC customer classes for CCOS study

                      purposes only in determining sufficiency of class recovery of costs of

                         service.

                       ii.       In any rate case prior to a rate case where there is at least one, seventy-

                         five megawatt (75 MW) or greater customer taking service under the

                     Large Load Customer Service provisions of Service Classification

                   11(M) reflected in the test year and captured in the CCOS study

                       determinants, the Company will propose that the comparison of such



3 Subject to a customers’ right to opt out under the MEEIA statute.
4 Unless a given customer has subscribed to sufficient Rider RSP-LLC service such that sufficient RECS are being
retired on its behalf per the variance request outlined in Company witness Wills’ Direct Testimony and addressed
further below, if the Commission approves the variance.
5 The Signatories will collaborate on developing a CSR tariff to be filed as a compliance tariff if the Commission
adopts the CSR.

                                          9        Large Load Customer base rate kilowatt-based revenue collections to

        base rate kilowatt-based revenue collections that would have occurred

         for the same customers under the non-Large Load Customer Service

        provisions of Service Classification 11(M) described in (i) above shall

        remain in place.

iii.     The Initial Pricing terms set forth herein and initial prices set forth in

        Exhibit C to this Settlement Agreement are for the purposes of

         settlement of this proceeding only as modified by ii above. No party

         shall be restricted in any way with respect to positions it wishes to

        advance on a going-forward basis in the first general rate case in which

         there is at least one, seventy-five megawatt (75 MW) or greater

        customer taking service under the Large Load Customer Service

        provisions of Service Classification 11(M) and reflected in the test year

       and captured in the CCOS study determinants regarding cost allocation,

         rate design, or class cost of service methodologies except that Ameren

        Missouri agrees that, as part of its filing in the rate case, it will evaluate

         the costs and impacts of any such customers added to the system and

        propose a cost allocation and rate design proposal designed to ensure

         the alignment of costs and cost causation. Ameren Missouri’s proposal

         will be designed to reasonably ensure such LLCs’ rates will reflect the

        customers’ representative share of the costs incurred to serve the

        customers and prevent other customer classes’ rates from reflecting any

         unjust or unreasonable costs arising from service to such customers.


                            10       15.     Alternate Time-Based Energy Charges: Alternate time-based energy charges

and seasonal demand charges are specified in Exhibit C. At customer's election made in the

manner specified below, the alternate time-based energy charges will be used for billing all

energy consumption and demand by a customer taking LLCS in lieu of the standard energy and

demand charges, except that, any LLCS customer that expects to operate at an annual load factor

lower than seventy-five (75%), or that fails to maintain a load factor of 75% during the term of

the LLCS Service Agreement determined as provided for below, shall, post-the ramp period, be

subject to mandatory application of the time-based energy charges in lieu of the standard energy

charge. To elect service under time-based energy charges, an LLCS customer must, at any time

during the Term or any Extension Term their LLCS Service Agreement, give written notice to

the Company sixty (60) days or more prior to the date the customer’s notice is to take effect. The

election shall take effect on the first day of the calendar month following 60 days after the notice

was given. Whether a customer failed to maintain a load factor of 75% for any given year shall

be determined by the Company based on a review of that year's energy consumption and demand

data, with such review to occur annually based on the most recently-completed year of the Term

or Extension Term. Should the Company’s review determine that the customer failed to maintain

of load factor of 75% for the year in question, Company will notify the customer in writing that

prospective billings will be based on time-based energy charges until such time as customer

maintains a load factor of 75% for a full year as determined in the annual review process described

above.

       16.    Demand Billing: The billing demand in any month will be the highest demand

established during peak hours or fifty percent (50%) of the highest demand established during

off-peak hours, whichever is highest during the month, but in no event less than 80 percent of the


                                         11Contract Capacity (“Minimum Billing Demand”).

       17.     Interim Capacity Adjustment: If the Company determines that the customer’s

load cannot be served by the Company’s existing system capabilities, the Company may enter

into specific market contract agreements to provide the necessary capacity requirements of the

customer until sufficient system capacity may be supplied by the Company. The customer and

the Company must mutually agree on the terms for the interim capacity procured by the Company

pursuant to an Interim Capacity Agreement. The customer shall be subject to an additional

demand charge) calculated according to the terms of the Interim Capacity Agreement, with

customer responsible for the full costs thereof and the terms of the Interim Capacity Agreement.

       18.    Minimum Monthly Bill: Customers taking LLCS shall be subject to a “Minimum

Monthly Bill” which shall consist of the sum of each of the following charges and shall apply in

addition to any energy-based charges paid by customer:

                       i.     Demand Charge (with minimum monthly demand set at 80 percent of

                       the Contract Capacity (“Minimum Demand”));

                       ii.      Customer Charge (metering, billing, customer support);

                      iii.     Low-Income Pilot Program Charge

                  iv.      Other Demand-Based Riders approved by the Commission in the

                         future; and

                v.     The Cost Stabilization Rider, with minimum monthly demand set at the

                 Minimum Demand.

       19.    Cost Stabilization Rider: LLCS customers eligible to receive service under the

Company’s Economic Development Rider (“EDR”) will be subject to the CSR, a new adjustment

clause designed to ensure recovery of costs incurred to serve LLCS customers. The CSR shall be


                                         12applied consistent with the Missouri Economic Development Rider statute.6 The CSR shall be

calculated based on comparing the LLCS customer’s estimated base rate revenue and estimated

final bill revenue prior to applying Rider CEC. Estimated base rate revenue shall be the revenue

produced by all applicable base rate and non-LLCS riders and the estimated final bill revenue shall

be the base rate revenue plus any applicable rate discounts, such as an approved economic

development rate. Should the LLCS customer’s estimated final bill revenues fall below the

customer’s estimated base rate revenue, an amount, expressed in a dollar per kW charge, will be

added to the customer billing through this charge. The CSR shall be customer-specific and

memorialized in the LLCS Service Agreement. This comparison shall be completed annually.

       20.    The CSR shall not be subject to any related Economic Development Rider

discount. Making the CSR non-bypassable ensures that LLCS customers are substantially covering

the cost to serve them in their tariffed rates or any other voluntary riders in which the LLCS

customer enrolls.

       21.     In any rate case where during the test year or prior to the true up cutoff date a

customer taking service on the LLCS rates is subject to an Economic Development Discount and

the CSR, in establishing the revenue requirement responsibility of each class when calculating

final rates to be implemented in that case, the revenues associated with the CSR shall be allocated

in exactly the same manner and to the same classes as the cost of the EDR discounts associated

with the customer that is subject to the CSR were allocated.

       22.    Customer Creditworthiness: For a customer falling within the category reflected

in Paragraph 27 below: (1) The LLCS customer, or (2) the entity who owns the facility where the

customer takes service and assumes all financial obligations associated with the facility under the



6 Section 393.1640, RSMo.

                                         13LLCS tariff provisions and the LLCS Service Agreement, or (3) an entity who otherwise assumes

all financial obligations associated with the facility under the LLCS tariff provisions and the LLCS

Service Agreement, must be reasonably creditworthy as determined in the Company's sole

reasonable discretion. As such, the Company retains discretion to evaluate the creditworthiness

and credit support of the entity who assumes all contractual obligations under the LLCS tariff

provisions and the LLCS Service Agreement, and to require reasonable assurances if necessary to

address customer creditworthiness.

       23.     Collateral/Security Requirements: The Company will require LLCS customers

to provide collateral in an amount equal to two (2) years of Minimum Monthly Bills, as calculated

by the Company (the “Collateral Requirement”).

       24.   A customer together with a Guarantor, which can include its ultimate parent,

corporate  affiliate, a tenant, or any other entity with a financial  interest in the customer

(“Guarantor”) that guarantees the Collateral Requirement under  the LLCS tariff provisions and

the LLCS Service Agreement that (i) has a credit rating of at least A- from Standard & Poor’s

(“S&P”) and A3 from Moody’s, (ii) and if rated A- or A3 has not been placed on credit watch by

either such rating agency if either the customer’s credit rating by such agency is equal (and not

greater to) to the foregoing rating, and (iii) has liquidity greater than ten (10) times the collateral

requirement as of the end of applicable period (and which must be shown by providing financial

statements and a chief financial officer or a third-party certified public accountant certification

accompanying such financial statements, no later than forty-five (45) days after the end of the

period) (collectively, “60% Eligibility Requirements”) will be exempt from sixty (60) percent of

the Collateral Requirement, with the sixty (60) percent discount not to exceed $175 million.

“Period” for public companies shall be the interval for reporting required by the Securities and


                                         14Exchange Commission, for all other companies “Period” shall be each calendar quarter.

       25.   A customer that does not have an A- credit rating from S&P and A3 rating from

Moody’s, but (together with a Guarantor that guarantees the Collateral Requirement under the

LLCS tariff provisions and the LLCS Service Agreement) (i) has at least a BBB+ credit rating

from S&P and Baa1 credit rating from Moody’s, (ii) has not been placed on credit watch by either

such rating agency if either the customer’s credit rating by such agency is equal (and not greater

to) to the foregoing rating, and  (iii) has liquidity greater than ten (10) times the Collateral

Requirement as of the end of the applicable quarter (as determined in the Company’s reasonable

discretion, and which must be shown by providing quarterly financial statements and a chief

financial officer or a third-party certified public accountant certification accompanying such

financial statements, no later than forty-five (45) days after the end of the quarter) (collectively,

“50% Eligibility Requirements”) will be exempt from  fifty (50) percent of the Collateral

Requirement, with the fifty (50) percent discount not to exceed $150 million.

       26.   A customer that does not have at A- credit rating from S&P and A3 rating from

Moody’s, but (together with a Guarantor that guarantees the Collateral Requirement under the

LLCS tariff provisions and the LLCS Service Agreement) (i) has at least a BBB- credit rating from

S&P and Baa3 credit rating from Moody’s, (ii) has not been placed on credit watch by either such

rating agency if either the customer’s credit rating by such agency is equal (and not greater to) to

the foregoing rating, and (iii) has liquidity greater than ten (10) times the Collateral Requirement

as of the end of the applicable quarter (as determined in the Company’s reasonable discretion,

and which must be shown by providing quarterly financial statements and a chief financial officer

or a third-party certified public accountant certification accompanying such financial statements,

no later than forty-five (45) days after the end of the quarter) (collectively, “40% Eligibility


                                         15Requirements”) will be exempt from forty (40) percent of the Collateral Requirement, with the

forty (40) percent discount not to exceed $125 million.

       27.   A customer that does not have an A- credit rating from S&P and A3 rating from

Moody’s, but (together with a Guarantor that guarantees the Collateral Requirement under the

LLCS tariff provisions and the LLCS Service Agreement) either (i) has at least a BBB- credit

rating from S&P and Baa3 credit rating from Moody’s, and has not been placed on credit watch

by either such rating agency if either the customer’s credit rating by such agency is equal (and not

greater to) to the foregoing rating, or (ii) has liquidity greater than ten (10) times the Collateral

Requirement as of the end of the applicable quarter (as determined in the Company’s reasonable

discretion, and which must be shown by providing quarterly financial statements and a chief

financial officer or a third-party certified public accountant certification accompanying such

financial statements, no later than forty-five (45) days after the end of the quarter) (collectively,

“25% Eligibility Requirements”) will be exempt from twenty-five (25) percent of the Collateral

Requirement, with the twenty-five (25) percent discount not to exceed $75 million.

       28.    The 60% Eligibility Requirements, the 50% Eligibility Requirements, the 40%

Eligibility Requirements, and the 25% Eligibility Requirements are collectively referred to as the

“Discount Eligibility Requirements.”

       29.    The Collateral Requirement must be provided at the time of executing the LLCS

Service Agreement.

       30.    Any collateral provided to satisfy the Collateral Requirement shall not accrue

interest while held by the Company.

       31.    The Company will, in  its sole reasonable discretion, after the customer has

achieved their peak load for at least three (3) years, annually consider reducing the LLCS


                                         16customer’s collateral obligation over the course of its contract period, on a schedule generally

corresponding to the reduction of risk to the Company and its customers. The Company will

consider the customer’s performance criteria, which includes, but is not limited to the customer’s:

(i) financial condition, (ii) load performance, (iii) payment history, (iv) credit rating, and (v) any

default history.

       32.    The amount of the Collateral Requirement under the foregoing calculation will be

recomputed quarterly based upon the customer’s rolling twenty-four (24)-month load forecast as

of the first date of the next quarter, and the customer shall provide the recomputed amount if greater

than the current amount held. The Company shall notify a customer if the customer no longer

meets the applicable Discount Eligibility Requirements, including if the customer has been placed

on credit watch, if applicable to such eligibility.

       33.    The Collateral Requirement must be provided in one or more of the following

forms; provided, that the Company shall have the right to choose the acceptable form of

collateral among those listed below for any customer that qualifies for a Discount of twenty-five

percent (25%) or less:

                       i.   A guarantee from the customer’s Guarantor for the applicable Collateral

             Requirement, so long as the Guarantor meets the applicable Discount Eligibility

             Requirement, provided that the dollar amount of the Collateral Requirement that

          may be provided under the guarantee is subject to credit review by the Company.

            The guarantee must be in a format acceptable to and approved by the Company,

             and must include (i) if the Guarantor’s creditworthiness is considered for

              determining the Discount Eligibility Requirements, a commitment from the

             Guarantor to pay the Collateral Requirement if the customer fails to make such


                                         17payments (without a dollar limit), and (ii) a provision that automatically

increases the dollar amount of collateral covered by the guarantee if either the

customer or Guarantor no longer satisfies the applicable Discount Eligibility

Requirement; or,

ii.    A standby irrevocable Letter of Credit (“Letter of Credit”) for the

         applicable Collateral Requirement. The Letter of Credit must be issued

       by a U.S. bank or the U.S. branch of a foreign bank, which is not

          affiliated with the LLCS customer or its Guarantor, with a credit rating

         of at least A- from S&P and A3 from Moody’s and a minimum of $2

          billion in assets. Such security must be issued for a minimum term of

         three hundred sixty (360) days. The customer must cause the renewal or

        extension of the security for additional consecutive terms of three

        hundred sixty (360) days or more no later than thirty (30) days prior to

        each expiration date of the security. If the customer no longer satisfies

         the applicable Discount Eligibility Requirement, it must increase the

       amount covered by the Letter of Credit within ten (10) days. If the

         security is not renewed, extended, or increased as required herein, the

      Company will have the right to draw immediately upon the Letter of

         Credit and/or demand cash collateral in the amount of the required

         increase and be entitled to hold the amounts so drawn or received as

         security until the customer has either (i) come back into compliance

        with the requirements for use of a Letter of Credit or, (ii) if required by

         the Company, has provided an alternative form of collateral consistent


                            18                     with the LLCS tariff provisions. The Letter of Credit must be in a

                      format acceptable to and approved by the Company; or

                      iii.   A cash deposit for the applicable Collateral Requirement.

       34.     In case of an uncured breach by the customer of the LLCS Service Agreement,

an uncured breach of the Guarantor under the parent guaranty, or any notice of termination or

refusal to continue the Letter of Credit by the issuing bank, the Company may draw on the

applicable collateral, as further set forth in the LLCS Service Agreement.

       35.       If, at any time after Customer’s initial delivery of the collateral the customer fails

to comply with the Collateral Requirement, the Company may thereafter pursue any and all rights

and remedies at law or in equity, and may take any other action consistent with the LLCS Service

Agreement, the LLCS tariff provisions, and the Company’s General Rules and Regulations,

including but not limited to suspension or curtailment of service.

       36.    To the extent the Company draws on a cash deposit provided by a customer, the

Company draws funds from a Letter of Credit or Guarantee, or the Company receives a cash Exit

Fee, the Company will defer the amount received minus any amount used to pay for services

rendered,  together  with  the Company’s weighted  average cost of  capital, as a regulatory

liability to be addressed in the next general ratemaking proceeding.

       37.    Annual Reports: The Company and stakeholders, including OPC, Staff, and

customers, will meet to determine the contents and confidentiality of an annual compliance report

to be provided to the Commission. This report will contain information regarding: (i) the number

of new or expanded customers that are taking LLCS and (ii) the total estimated load taking LLCS.

Any other reporting requirements will be determined as a result of the Company and stakeholder

discussions. Energy usage information will be provided on a confidential and anonymized basis.


                                         19The Company commits to meeting with Staff and OPC at least annually, and on a highly

confidential basis, to provide updates on LLCS with the agenda to be mutually agreed to by Staff,

OPC, and the Company.

    C.   New Renewable/Carbon Free Attribute Procurement Riders Within the LLRP

       38.    The Signatories agree that in conjunction with approval of the LLCS tariff

provisions, the Commission should also approve and find reasonable and in the public interest

four new clean and renewable energy riders (Paragraphs 39-42 to be applicable to LLCS

customers and, in the case of Paragraphs 39, 41, and 42, to all 11(M) customers). In entering into

subscription agreements with LLCS customers and all 11(M) customers under the programs

reflected in Paragraphs 39, 41, and 42, the Company will take reasonable steps to ensure equitable

access program resource capacity to all interested customers.

       39.     Clean Energy Choice (Rider CEC): Will enable LLCS customers and all 11(M)

customers to support the procurement of clean energy resources and/or replacement of identified

existing resources in lieu of or in addition to the Company’s Preferred Resource Plan. This shall

include, but not be limited to, distributed energy resources such as demand-side management,

energy efficiency, and battery storage. Under this program, the Company and the requesting

customer will execute an agreement (a “Rider CEC Agreement”) that determines cost recovery

from the customer for the selected resources and any appropriate credits (including but not limited

to consideration of energy, capacity, and related environmental attribute credits) including

consideration of any related Renewable Energy Credits (“RECs”) to the customer’s bill. In

considering supply-side resources, the Company will not place any limitations on the size of the

resource considered or brought forward by a customer. For example, solar resources of 10-20

MW may be considered. Any alternative resources or combination of resources that would be


                                         20procured pursuant to this rider and result in a material change to the Company’s Preferred

Resource Plan, would be submitted to the Commission for review and approval through a

quadrennial or triennial integrated resource plan (“IRP”) filing or change in Preferred Resource

Plan filing, dependent upon the applicable IRP rules. Rider CEC participants will be subject to

separately negotiated terms and conditions, including collateral requirements, based upon the

specific agreement negotiated by the Company and the requesting customer. In the filing seeking

approval of the Rider CEC Agreement, the Company will provide, at a minimum, 1) the customer

request, 2) revenue requirement allocations by year, with capital costs, expenses, and revenues

separately shown, 3) a detailed description of how the charges to the Requesting Customer for

the resource(s) in question will be determined, together with an estimate of what those charges

will be, including specification of any formula that will be used to determine them, with detailed

workpapers, and 4)  analysis of the impact if the requesting customer is no longer on Ameren

Missouri’s system. In a change in preferred resource plan filing, Ameren Missouri will provide

any additional analysis that was not previously provided as an unaltered alternative resource plan

in Ameren Missouri's most recent triennial/quadrennial, Ameren Missouri will provide  all

documentation/analysis that would be required in the triennial/quadrennial.  If any assumptions

are modified for the CEC-preferred resource plan, then Ameren Missouri will separately identify

each change and provide a comparison to the assumptions that were previously utilized in the

triennial/quadrennial filing and provide analysis and explanations on the impact of those changes.

       40.    Renewable Solutions Program (Rider RSP-LLC): Will provide non-residential

customers taking LLCS to subscribe to future renewable energy attributes associated with new

Company-owned wind or solar generation acquired through the IRP process that are not needed

to meet renewable compliance targets or requirements. The Company will take reasonable steps


                                         21to ensure equitable access to all 11(M) customers under existing RSP and LLCS customers under

RSP-LLC.

       41.     Nuclear Energy Credit (Rider (NEC): Will provide non-residential customers

taking LLCS service or non-LLCS service under Service Classification 11(M) with the ability to

include emission-free nuclear energy attributes (“NECs”) from Company-owned or sourced

resources  into  their clean energy  portfolio  to support  the customer’s  sustainability and

decarbonization goals. Until (if applicable) a registry for NECs that is similar to a REC registry

such as the North American Renewables Registry is used, Ameren Missouri will track the NECs

assigned to each LLCS customer based on initial Midcontinent Independent System Operator

(“MISO”) settlements of Company-owned or sourced nuclear resources, as the initial settlement

values may be adjusted as part of MISO’s resettlement process.

       42.    Clean Capacity Advancement (Rider CCAP):

             Will provide non-residential customers taking LLCS service or non-LLCS service

under Service Classification 11(M) to participate in a capacity product that enables storage of

clean energy.7

      D.    Other Tariff Modifications Necessary to Implement the LLRP

       43.    The Signatories agree that certain modifications to existing tariffs, riders, and

Company rules and regulations are needed in order to support the LLRP. The Signatories agree

that the Commission should approve and find reasonable and in the public interest modifications

to the following tariffs (such changes are included in Exhibit B hereto). In summary, these




7 The Riders RSP-LLC, NEC, and CCAP tariffs will require that the agreements to be entered into for customers
participating in the program(s) shall require financial security/collateral for the financial obligations undertaken by
participants and will require Early Termination and Exit Fees covering the same duration post-post termination of
service as the Exit and Early Termination Fees for the Minimum Monthly Obligation as provided for above apply
for termination of the LLCS Service Agreement.

                                         22changes are as follows:

       44.    Non-LLCS Provisions of Service Classification 11(M): The Signatories agree

to add language that new customers with monthly demand reasonably expected to reach or exceed

seventy-five megawatts (75 MW) will not be able to receive service under the non-LLCS

provisions of Service Classification 11(M). Existing 11(M) customers as of the effective date of

the LLCS tariff provisions may continue to take service under the non-LLCS provisions of 11(M),

except that any expansion of such customer’s load by seventy-five megawatts (75 MW) or greater

shall be subject to the LLCS tariff provisions.

       45.    Rider FAC  (Fuel  Adjustment  Clause)/Program Revenues  Tracker: The

Signatories agree that the Company’s Rider FAC shall be changed in its next rate case consistent

with the change proposed in Schedule SMW-D3 to Company witness Steve Wills’ Direct

Testimony. The Signatories also agree that the tracking mechanism outlined in Mr. Wills’ Direct

Testimony at page 52 for revenues from Riders RSP-LLC, CCAP, and NEC should be adopted,

provided that Mr. Wills’ references to “termination fee” and “capacity reduction fee” shall be

deemed to be references to the Exit Fees, Early Termination Fees, and Capacity Reduction Fees

provided for in this Agreement.

       46.   Revenue Sharing Mechanism. The Signatories agree that the Company should

implement an Earnings Review Surveillance ("ERS") Report as follows:

            a) No later than March 31 following the end of each calendar year beginning in the

              year that the first customer begins taking permanent LLCS, the Company shall file

             with the Commission in a compliance docket to be established, an ERS Report in

               the same format as the Company's Surveillance Monitoring Reports submitted




                                         23   under 20 CSR 4240-20.090(6) for the calendar year in question, except for those

    limited adjustments described below.

b) Once Company has filed the compliance docket with the Commission, Staff and

  OPC may  request discovery regarding amounts and/or  calculations within

   Company’s ERS Report and the revenue sharing mechanism attached as Exhibit

   D. Unless the Company objects and/or gives notice of need for additional time to

   respond within three (3) business days of receipt of a discovery request, discovery

    will be responded to within ten (10) days from the date of receipt.

      i.        Staff, OPC, MIEC, and all customers taking service under the LLCS

               tariff provisions of 11(M) shall be permitted to review the ERS Report

             for each annual filing. No later than May 31 of the applicable year unless

             additional time is granted by the Commission for good cause shown,

             Staff and OPC shall file a report or testimony with the Commission

             indicating any areas of disagreement with the ERS Report filed by the

          Company. Areas of disagreement shall be limited to disagreements that

          would result in a change to the amount of revenue sharing arising from

            the calendar year in question.

      ii.     The Company shall respond to any areas of disagreement no later than

           June 30 of the applicable year, provided that if additional time is granted

           under subparagraph b).i above, the June 30 deadline shall be extended by

              that number of days equal to such extension.

      iii.        If the Company’s response does not resolve all areas of disagreement, the

          Commission shall establish an appropriate process for the resolution of


                                24           such areas of disagreement by Commission order with an intended

             resolution date no later than August 31 of the applicable year.

    iv.     Absent any areas of disagreement, the Commission may, at its discretion,

             issue an order based on submissions made in the docket, without hearing.

c)  For each calendar year beginning in the year that the first customer begins taking

   LLCS, the earned return on equity (“ROE”) of the Company, as reported in the

  ERS Reports, may be subject to sharing with the Company's retail electric

   customers as follows:

      i.       Within the ERS Report, the Company shall identify the base rate

           revenues received for LLCS for the calendar year and compare those

           revenues to the amount of LLCS base rate revenues included in the

          Company’s revenue requirement in the rate case(s) used to set base rates

             in effect at that time. If the base rate revenues received from LLCS

           customers for the calendar year do not exceed the amount of LLCS base

              rate revenues included in the Company's revenue requirement in the rate

             case(s) used to set base rates in effect at that time, no revenue sharing

             will occur arising from the calendar year.

      ii.        If the base rate revenues received from LLCS customers for the calendar

            year exceed the amount of LLCS base rate revenues included in the

          Company's revenue requirement in the rate case(s) used to set base rates

             in effect at that time, the difference between the Company's earned ROE

             for the calendar year at issue as reported in the Company's filed ERS

           Report and the midpoint of the Staff's recommended ROE range in File


                                25                    No. ER-2024-03198 shall be multiplied by the equity portion of rate

                      base9 per the Company's filed ERS Report and grossed up for income

                         taxes. Any positive amount shall be multiplied by sixty-five (65%) and

                       the resulting product shall be deferred to a regulatory liability to be

                       returned to retail electric customers through an amortization established

                   by the Commission in a future rate case, over a reasonable period of

                       years established by the Commission in that case. Any percentage of the

                       share above 50% will be for the benefit of low-income customers. For

                      purposes hereof, “low-income” does not include funding for MEEIA

                    low-income programs.

           d) The ERS Report shall include the following adjustments to the Company's

              Surveillance Monitoring Report submitted in accordance with 20 CSR 4240-

              20.090(6) for the calendar year in question:

                             i.   The removal of any capital investment or expense which the Company

                      has committed not to recover in its base rates or that the Commission has

                       disallowed for recovery.

                            ii.    Reclassification of any out-of-period items to another period.

                          iii.   The Company's Surveillance Monitoring Report submitted in

                      accordance with 20 CSR 4240-20.090(6) will include the effect of any

                    amounts being deferred as a regulatory liability under this revenue





8 This value will be used for purposes of determining the results of the revenue sharing mechanism until a
Commission order is issued in a future rate case that either establishes a different specific ROE or approves a
Stipulation and Agreement that specifies a different ROE.
9 The Company’s common equity ratio multiplied by total electric rate base.

                                         26                       sharing mechanism, which were necessarily excluded from the ERS

                      Report used to determine the amount of such deferrals.

            e)  For the avoidance of doubt, the ERS Report shall not include any adjustment to

              update the calendar year results, remove one-time or nonrecurring expenses,

              normalize billing units for weather, or any other adjustment which is typically

            meant to normalize or annualize a test period for ratemaking purposes (other than

              those limited adjustments described above).

              f)  This ERS process shall terminate after rates become effective following the

            Company's next general rate case, unless otherwise extended by the Commission

               in that proceeding.  If this process was not extended by the Commission in a

               future rate proceeding, upon notice of a new LLCS customer under Paragraph 51

              of this Agreement, Staff, OPC, or the Company may request that the ERS process

             be reinstated. Such a request may be made outside a general rate proceeding.

           g) An illustrative calculation for a given calendar year, is attached to this Stipulation

              as Exhibit D and incorporated herein by this reference.

       47.    In the event that overall LLCS class kWh, as established in the most recent rate

case, is not decreased for a 12-month time period, this provision shall not apply.10 Notwithstanding

any other provision in this Agreement, if LLCS revenues arising from energy-based LLCS charges

are reduced in a calendar year due to a force majeure event, as determined by the Commission, the

Company shall be entitled to defer to a regulatory asset, which is to be included in the Company’s

revenue requirement in the next succeeding rate case through an amortization established by the

Commission over a reasonable period of years established by the Commission in that case, an


10 Any kWh usage as described in the following footnote shall be included as LLCS class kWh for purposes of this
calculation.

                                         27amount equal to ninety-five percent (95%) of the product of (x) the difference between the kWh

used to establish revenues for that customer in the most recent general rate case in each billing

month and the actual kWh used by that customer after the force majeure event due to the force

majeure event,11 and (y) the difference between the simple average of the hourly locational

marginal prices during the duration of the force majeure event at the AMMO.UE (or successor)

commercial pricing node and the base factor(s) from Rider FAC applicable to the force majeure

period.  In the event of a force majeure event Ameren Missouri shall open a docket before the

Commission within five (5) business days for the conduct of discovery and any further action that

the Commission finds just and reasonable. For purposes hereof, a “force majeure event” is an event

not reasonably within the Company’s control not due to the Company’s fault that prevents the

Company from receiving LLCS revenues,  specifically:  i)  acts of God,  (ii)  riots or  civil

disturbances, (iii) blockades, insurrections, strikes, lockouts, or other disputes of similar scale, (iv)

fires, explosions or floods, (v) (1) pandemics, (2) epidemics, and (3) events of quarantine arising

out of pandemics or epidemics, (vi) landslides or washouts, and (vii) acts of military authorities.

A “force majeure event” does not include: (i) suspension, curtailment, or otherwise intentional

cessation or reduction of operations of an LLCS customer that remains solvent and (ii) bankruptcy

or financial duress of an LLCS customer.

       48.     Rules and Regulations: Signatories agree to the addition of language to the

Company’s General Rules and Regulations that for extensions of transmission or substation

facilities, any LLCS customer requesting service with substation or transmission facilities shall

pay all costs associated with such extensions. These costs will not include any resulting network



11 In the event that an LLCS customer or its affiliate shifts, modifies, or otherwise increases its kWh usage on any
rate schedule, or begins service on any other rate schedule, at the LLCS or any other location, such usage shall be
netted from the amount otherwise applicable to this provision.

                                         28upgrade costs for facilities classified as transmission under the MISO Open Access Transmission

Tariff. In the event MISO modifies cost allocation methodologies for network upgrade costs

related to large load interconnections, nothing herein prevents the parties from proposing

modifications to how Ameren Missouri allocates such costs among its retail customers. LLCS

customers requesting service through substation or transmission facilities must complete payment

for the extension or make suitable arrangements for installment payments, execute all required

agreements associated with the requested extensions, and execute any applicable service

agreements as required by the applicable rate schedule as a condition for any construction to

commence.

       49.    The Signatories agree to the addition of language to the Company’s General

Rules and Regulations reflecting the framework of the load interconnection process that is the

same as the Path to Power load interconnection process set forth in Section 2.10 of the exemplar

Evergy Missouri West tariff sheet (PSC. MO. No. 1, Second Revised Sheet No. R-21 included

with the Direct Testimony in File No. EO-2025-0154 of Evergy witness Bradley Lutz, with two

modifications, as follows:  Replace “an accredited state or regional economic development

organization” with Missouri Department of Economic Development or the Company if the

Company obtains accreditation as an economic development organization., and substitute

“MISO” for “Southwest Power Pool (“SPP”).”

       50.     If the Commission finds it appropriate to grant a variance from 20 CSR 4240-

20.100 as described in the Direct Testimony of Company witness Steve Wills, the Signatories

agree proof of compliance as contemplated by Senate Bill 4 (2025) and laid out in Section

393.1030.2 RSMo. shall be provided to the Commission.

       51.     Within 30 days after the execution of any agreement relating to LLCS with a


                                         29LLCS customer, the Company will provide to the Staff the executed agreement(s) and the

following information with a level of confidentiality commensurate with the confidentiality

provisions in place in this docket:

                    a) An updated capacity and demand  forecast without  the new LLCS

                     customer.

                  b) An updated capacity and demand forecast with the new LLCS customer.

                    c)  The boundary of Ameren Missouri’s facilities serving the LLCS customer

                       in a format supported by the State’s geographic information system (GIS)

                      software.

                  d) Evidence that Ameren Missouri has completed all internal engineering

                       studies supporting the interconnection, a description of all interconnection

                    upgrades and interconnection facilities needed for the LLCS customer,

                   and a complete copy of the interconnection study. The Company will also

                     provide a copy of the construction agreement documenting all estimated

                       costs related to interconnection of the LLCS customer and provide how

                      those costs will be recorded on Ameren Missouri’s books and records.12

                    e) To the extent known to Ameren Missouri, the LLCS customer’s full

                      corporate name and registration information, and that of any and all parent

                    companies.


12 Once booked, the Company will provide actual costs and how they have been recorded on

Ameren Missouri’s books and records by date, amount and FERC account, separately by labor

and non-labor.


                                         30       52.     In each rate case after a LLCS customer begins taking permanent service (which

will occur when the ramp period begins), the Company will provide as part of its direct case

workpapers actual customer load, by hour, starting with the later of the month following the month

the customer began taking permanent service or the end of the test year of a previous rate case in

which the customer's load was reported through the test year used in the rate case. The Company

will provide updated information through a date mutually agreed upon between the Company and

the Staff (and if agreement is not reached, as ordered by the Commission) through which Staff

intends to calculate billing units for its initial filing in response to the Company’s rate case filing,

and will in any event provide updated information through the true-up cutoff date as part of its

provision of true-up data in the case. Ameren Missouri will provide such load data hourly and at

15-minute demand intervals upon request.  Such information will be provided with a level of

confidentiality commensurate with the confidentiality provisions in place in this docket.

       53.    Company will provide Staff and the Commission its complete response to the

Level 2 NERC Alert  titled Industry Recommendation Large Load Interconnection, Study,

Commissioning, and Operations.

       54.    The parties agree the Emergency Energy Conservation Plan tariff applies to LLCS

customers and these customers may be interrupted during grid emergencies under the same

circumstances as any other customer.

       55.    Ameren Missouri represents it requires and will update its End-user connections

document to memorialize its requirement that all large load interconnections may include high-

speed disturbance data capture devices that enable measurement of harmonics and other potential

impacts to the transmission system.




                                          31       56.   The exemplar tariff sheets attached to this Agreement as Exhibits A and B shall,

upon approval of this Agreement if the agreement is unopposed, or otherwise if its terms are

adopted by the Commission, be submitted as compliance tariff sheets. Notwithstanding the prior

sentence, Signatories agree that there is one question that needs to be submitted to the

Commission for resolution (see Paragraph 50 hereof). Signatories further agree that the

resolution of that question could require modifications to the exemplar tariff sheets attached to

this Agreement as Exhibit A. Signatories agree that the question should be resolved by the

Commission solely based upon briefing by interested Signatories, either according to the briefing

schedule set by the existing procedural schedule or such other briefing schedule as may be

adopted by the Commission.  If the Commission’s ruling on the question requires modifications

to the tariff sheets attached hereto as Exhibit A, the Signatories will collaborate on making the

required changes and the Company will submit the same as compliance tariffs.

                   GENERAL PROVISIONS

        1.     This Agreement is being entered into solely for the purpose of settling the issues in

this case explicitly set forth above.  Unless otherwise explicitly provided herein, none of the

Signatories to this Agreement shall be deemed to have approved or acquiesced in any ratemaking

or procedural  principle,  including, without  limitation, any  cost-of-service methodology or

determination, depreciation principle or method, method of cost determination or cost allocation

or revenue-related methodology.  Except as explicitly provided herein, none of the Signatories

shall be prejudiced or bound in any manner by the terms of this Agreement in this or any other

proceeding, regardless of whether this Agreement is approved.

        2.     This Agreement  is a negotiated settlement.  Except as specified herein, the

Signatories to this Agreement shall not be prejudiced, bound by, or in any way affected by the


                                         32terms of this Agreement: (a) in any future proceeding; (b) in any proceeding currently pending

under a separate docket; and/or (c) in this proceeding should the Commission decide not to approve

this Agreement, or in any way condition its approval of same.

        3.     This Agreement has resulted from extensive negotiations among the Signatories,

and the terms hereof are interdependent.  If the Commission does not approve this Agreement

unconditionally and without modification, then this Agreement shall be void and no Signatory

shall be bound by any of the agreements or provisions hereof.

        4.     This Agreement embodies the entirety of the agreements between the Signatories

in this case on the issues addressed herein and may be modified by the Signatories only by a written

amendment executed by all of the Signatories.

        5.       If approved and adopted by the Commission, this Agreement shall constitute a

binding agreement among the Signatories.

        6.       If  the Commission does not approve  this Agreement without condition or

modification, and notwithstanding the provision herein that it shall become void, (1) neither this

Agreement nor any matters associated with  its consideration by the Commission shall be

considered or argued to be a waiver of the rights that any Signatory has for a decision in accordance

with § 536.080 or Article V, Section 18 of the Missouri Constitution, and (2) the Signatories shall

retain all procedural and due process rights as fully as though this Agreement had not been

presented for approval, and any suggestions, memoranda, testimony, or exhibits that have been

offered or received in support of this Agreement shall become privileged as reflecting the

substantive content of settlement discussions and shall be stricken from and not be considered as

part of the administrative or evidentiary record before the Commission  for any purpose

whatsoever.


                                         33        7.       If the Commission accepts the specific terms of this Agreement without condition

or modification, only as to the issues in these cases that are settled by this Agreement explicitly

set forth above, the Signatories each waive their respective rights to present oral argument and

written briefs pursuant to § 536.080.1, their respective rights to the reading of the transcript by the

Commission pursuant to § 536.080.2, their respective rights to seek rehearing pursuant to §

536.500, and their respective rights to judicial review pursuant to § 386.510. This waiver applies

only to a Commission order approving this Agreement without condition or modification issued

in this proceeding and only to the issues that are resolved hereby.  It does not apply to any matters

raised in any prior or subsequent Commission proceeding nor any matters not explicitly addressed

by this Agreement.

    WHEREFORE, the undersigned Signatories respectfully request the Commission to

issue an order approving the Agreement subject to the specific terms and conditions contained

therein.

Dated: 11/19/2025


                                           Respectfully submitted,

                                                         /s/ James B. Lowery
                                  James B. Lowery, Mo. Bar #40503
                                JBL LAW, LLC
                                    9020 S. Barry Rd.
                                       Columbia, MO 65201
                                        Telephone: 573-476-0050
                                         E-Mail: lowery@jbllawllc.com

                                                         /s/ Wendy K. Tatro
                             Wendy K. Tatro, Mo. Bar #60261
                                           Director and Assistant General Counsel
                                  Ameren Missouri
                                    1901 Chouteau Avenue
                                                  St. Louis, MO 63103
                                        Telephone: (314) 861-1705

                                         34Facsimile: (314) 554-4014
E-Mail: AmerenMOService@ameren.com

COUNSEL FOR UNION ELECTRIC
COMPANY d/b/a AMEREN MISSOURI

/s/ Mark Johnson
Mark Johnson, #64940
P. O. Box 360
Jefferson City, MO 65102
(573) 751-7431 (Telephone)
(573) 751-9285 (Fax)
mark.johnson@psc.mo.gov

/s/ Alexandra Klaus
Alexandra Klaus
Missouri Bar No. 67196
Missouri Public Service Commission
P.O. Box 360
Jefferson City, MO 65102-0360
(573) 751-9533
lexi.klaus@psc.mo.gov

ATTORNEYS FOR THE STAFF OF THE
MISSOURI PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION

/s/ Frank A. Caro
Frank A. Caro, Jr.
Polsinelli PC
900 W. 48th Place
Suite 900
Kansas City, Missouri 64112
(816) 572-4754
fcaro@polsinelli.com

/s/ Andrew O. Schulte
Andrew O. Schulte
Polsinelli PC
900 W. 48th Place
Suite 900
Kansas City, Missouri 64112
816-691-3731
aschulte@polsinelli.com

ATTORNEYS FOR GOOGLE, LLC


  35/s/ Stephanie S. Bell
Stephanie S. Bell, #61855
308 East High Street, Suite 300
Jefferson City, MO 65101
Telephone: (573) 750-4100
Facsimile: (314) 334-0450
sbell@ellingerlaw.com

ATTORNEY FOR AMAZON DATA
SERVICES, INC.

/s/ Diana M. Plescia
Diana M. Plescia #42419
7701 Forsyth Blvd., Suite 1200
St. Louis, Missouri 63105
Telephone: (314) 726-1000
Facsimile: (314) 889-7164
dplescia@dmfirm.com

ATTORNEY FOR THE MISSOURI
INDUSTRIAL ENERGY CONSUMERS

/s/ James M. Owen
James M. Owen, MO Bar #56835
Renew Missouri Advocates
501 Fay Street, Suite 206
Columbia, MO 65201
T: (417) 496-1924
james@renewmo.org

COUNSEL FOR RENEW MISSOURI
ADVOCATES d/b/a RENEW
MISSOURI


/s/ Sarah Rubenstein
Sarah Rubenstein, MO Bar #48874
Great Rivers Environmental Law Center
4625 Lindell Blvd, Suite 200
St. Louis, MO 63108
(314) 231-4181
srubenstein@greatriverslaw.org

ATTORNEY FOR SIERRA CLUB



  36/s/ Roger W. Steiner
Roger W. Steiner, MBN 39586
Evergy, Inc.
1200 Main Street, 17th Floor Kansas City, MO
64105 Phone: (816) 556-2314
roger.steiner@energy.com

/s/ Cole A. Bailey
Cole A. Bailey MBN#77628
Evergy, Inc.
1200 Main Street, 16th Floor
Kansas City, Missouri 64105
Telephone: (816) 556-2314
Facsimile: (816) 556-2780
Cole.Bailey@evergy.com

ATTORNEYS FOR EVERGY MISSOURI
METRO AND EVERGY MISSOURI WEST





  37                    CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

      The undersigned certifies that true and correct copies of the foregoing was served on

the Staff of the Missouri Public Service Commission and the Office of the Public Counsel via

electronic mail (e-mail) on this 20th day of November, 2025.


                                                                           /s/ James Lowery
                                                 James Lowery





                                         38                                                         EXHIBIT A
UNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                 7th Revised         SHEET NO.  61
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                 6th Revised         SHEET NO.  61
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                             SERVICE CLASSIFICATION NO. 11(M)
                                LARGE PRIMARY SERVICE RATE
  *RATE BASED ON MONTHLY METER READINGS
       Summer Rate     (June through September)(1)
           Customer Charge - per month                                   $412.66
           Low-Income Pilot Program Charge – per month                  $ 291.99
           Energy Charge – per kWh                                          4.06¢
           Demand Charge - per kW of Billing Demand                      $ 23.90
           Reactive Charge - per kVar                                      44.81¢

       Winter Rate     (October through May)(1)
           Customer Charge - per month                                   $412.66
           Low-Income Pilot Program Charge – per month                  $ 291.99
           Energy Charge – per kWh                                          3.71¢
           Demand Charge - per kW of Billing Demand                     $  10.63
           Reactive Charge - per kVar                                      44.81¢

       Optional Time-of-Day Adjustments
           Energy Adjustment - per kWh                       On-Peak      Off-Peak
                                                             Hours(2)     Hours(2)
              Summer kWh (June-September)(1)                   +0.64¢       -0.37¢
              Winter kWh (October-May)(1)                      +0.29¢       -0.17¢

       (1) Refer to General Rules and Regulations, V. Billing Practices, Section A.
           Monthly Billing Periods, for specific applicability.
       (2) On-peak and off-peak hours applicable herein shall be as specified within this
           service classification.





   *Indicates Change.

     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2024-0319.
DATE OF ISSUE          May 2, 2025               DATE EFFECTIVE         June 1, 2025
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                 3rd Revised         SHEET NO. 61.1
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                 2nd Revised         SHEET NO. 61.1
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA


                             SERVICE CLASSIFICATION NO. 11(M)
                           LARGE PRIMARY SERVICE RATE (Cont'd.)
   RATE BASED ON MONTHLY METER READINGS (Cont'd.)
   Fuel and Purchased Power Adjustment (Rider FAC) Applicable to all metered kilowatt-
   hours (kWh) of energy.

    Energy Efficiency Investment Charge (Rider EEIC) Applicable to all metered
   kilowatt-hours (kWh) of energy excluding kWh of energy supplied to customers that
   have satisfied the opt-out provisions of Section 393.1075, RSMo.

  * Renewable Energy Standard Rate Adjustment Mechanism (Rider RESRAM) Applicable to
   all metered kilowatt-hours (kWh) of energy.
   Payments Bills are due and payable within twenty-one (21) days from date of bill
   and become delinquent thereafter.
   Term of Use One (1) year, terminable thereafter on three (3) days' notice.
   Tax Adjustment Any license, franchise, gross receipts, occupation or similar charge
   or tax levied by any taxing authority on the amounts billed hereunder will be so
   designated and added as a separate item to bills rendered to customers under the
   jurisdiction of the taxing authority.





   * Indicates Addition.

DATE OF ISSUE        April 29, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE         May 29, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.2
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 61.2
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                             SERVICE CLASSIFICATION NO. 11(M)
                           LARGE PRIMARY SERVICE RATE (Cont'd.)
    1.  RATE APPLICATION
        The rate shall be applicable, at customer’s request, to all service at a
        primary voltage or higher, provided customer agrees to a minimum monthly
        billing demand of 5,000 kilowatts.
    2.  CHARACTER OF SERVICE SUPPLIED
        Company will specify and supply a standard three-phase alternating current
        primary service voltage. Where Company supplies service at 34.5 kV or higher,
        the appropriate adjustments under Rider B will apply.
   *3.  CUMULATION OF SERVICES
        Service provided through multiple meters to the same customer on the same
        premises and cumulated for billing purposes under this Service Classification
        may continue to receive such billing under the provisions of Rules and
        Regulations, Billing Practices, Non-Standard Service.  Unless otherwise
        required for Company’s engineering or other reasons, any additional services
        installed at customer’s request and agreed to by Company will not be cumulated
        or otherwise combined for billing purposes with any other service supplied to
        customer except under the following conditions:
            A. Where Company provides more than one service to a single premises from a
               single Company-owned substation located on customer's premises and
               provides no additional distribution facilities beyond the substation,
               all service taken directly from the substation may be cumulated, or
            B. Where Company provides more than one service to a single set of
               customer-owned metal-clad switchgear, the services provided to that
               switchgear may be cumulated.
        When cumulation occurs under either A or B above, the monthly peak demand will
        be determined for each service individually and then summed for applying
        Service Classification No. 11M Large Primary Service rates.
    4.  DEMAND METERS
        Company will install demand meters for the measurement of demands.





   *Indicates Change.


     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2021-0240.
DATE OF ISSUE       February 14, 2022           DATE EFFECTIVE      February 28, 2022
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 61.3
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.3
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                             SERVICE CLASSIFICATION NO. 11(M)
                           LARGE PRIMARY SERVICE RATE (Cont'd.)
  *5.   BILLING DEMAND
        The Billing Demand in any month will be the highest demand established during
        peak hours or 50% of the highest demand established during off-peak hours,
        whichever is highest during the month, but in no event less than 5,000 kW.

        Peak hours and off-peak hours are defined as follows:

         Peak hours:         10:00 A.M. to 10:00 P.M., Monday thru Friday.

         Off-Peak hours:     All other hours including the entire
                             24 hours of the following days:

         New Year’s Day      Independence Day            Thanksgiving Friday
         Good Friday         Labor Day                   Christmas Eve Day
         Memorial Day        Thanksgiving Day            Christmas Day

        All times stated above apply to the local effective time.
    6.  REACTIVE CHARGE
        The charge specified in this rate shall be applicable to the kilovars by which
        the customer’s average metered kilovars exceed the customer’s kilovars at an
        average power factor of 90% lagging during the billing period.  Such average
        kilovar billing units shall be determined in accordance with the following
        formula:
                               kVarh                    kVar  =  (        -  0.4843) (kW)                                kWh
         where:
                             kVar    =  kilovar billing units
                             kVarh   =  metered kilovar-hours
                             kWh     =  metered kilowatt-hours
                             kW      =  metered kilowatts
                             0.4843  =  kilovar requirement at
                                         90% lagging power factor.

        Where in the Company’s judgment application of the above formula would not be
        appropriate to full or partial self-generation customers, an alternative
        agreement, between Company and customers, for the payment of reactive supply
        facilities may be substituted for said formula.




   *Indicates Reissue.


     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2021-0240.
DATE OF ISSUE       February 14, 2022           DATE EFFECTIVE      February 28, 2022
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 61.4
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.4
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                             SERVICE CLASSIFICATION NO. 11(M)
                           LARGE PRIMARY SERVICE RATE (Cont'd.)

  *7.   OPTIONAL TIME-OF-DAY (TOD) SERVICE
        Applicable at customer’s option for all Large Primary Service usage, subject to
        the following provisions:
        a.   If advanced metering is not present, Customer shall be transferred to this
             TOD rate option effective with TOD meter installation and transferred from
             this TOD rate option to the applicable non-TOD rate after the meter is
             removed.
        b.   Customer electing this TOD option, shall remain on said option for a
             minimum period of twelve (12) months, provided however, that customer may
             discontinue this option within the first ninety (90) days thereunder
             subject to the continued payment of the TOD customer charge, in lieu of
             any other customer charge, for the full twelve (12) month term of this
             option.
        c.   Any customer canceling this TOD option cannot thereafter resume billing
             under said option for a period of one year following the last billing
             period on the TOD option.
   8.     NON-APPLICABILITY

        New customers with a monthly demand reasonably expected to reach or exceed
        seventy-five megawatts (75 MW) cannot receive service under this rate.
        Existing customers under this rate as of the Effective Date of the Large Load
        Customer Service rate may continue to take service under this rate, except that
        any expansion of such customer’s load by seventy-five megawatts (75 MW) or
        greater shall be subject to the Large Load Customer Service rate.
   9.   GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
        In addition to the above specific rules and regulations, all of the Company’s
        General Rules and Regulations shall apply to the supply of service under this
        rate.





     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2021-0240.
DATE OF ISSUE       February 14, 2022           DATE EFFECTIVE      February 28, 2022
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 61.4
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.4
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA





   * Indicates Reissue.





     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2021-0240.
DATE OF ISSUE       February 14, 2022           DATE EFFECTIVE      February 28, 2022
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.5
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 61.5
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                             SERVICE CLASSIFICATION NO. 11(M)
                             LARGE LOAD CUSTOMER SERVICE RATE
   RATE BASED ON MONTHLY METER READINGS

         Customer Charge – per month                                    $ 412.66
         Low-Income Pilot Program Charge – per month                    $ 291.99
         Reactive Charge – per kVar                                        44.81¢

   Standard Rates
   Summer Rate  (June through September)
         Energy Charge – per kWh                                            4.06¢
         Demand Charge – per kW of Billing Demand                       $ 22.43

   Winter Rate  (October through May)
         Energy Charge – per kWh                                            3.71¢
         Demand Charge – per kW of Billing Demand                        $ 10.66

   Alternate 4 Season Demand and Time-of-Use Energy Rates (“Alternate Rates”)

   Summer Rate  (June through August)
         Energy Charge – per kWh
                On-Peak kWh                                                 6.16¢
                Off-Peak kWh                                                3.24¢
         Demand Charge – per kW of Billing Demand                        $ 22.43

   Fall Rate    (September through November)
         Energy Charge – per kWh
                On-Peak kWh                                                 4.13¢
                Off-Peak kWh                                                2.98¢
         Demand Charge – per kW of Billing Demand                         $ 9.16

   Winter Rate  (December through February)
         Energy Charge – per kWh
                On-Peak kWh                                                 3.87¢
                Off-Peak kWh                                                3.75¢

     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2019-0335.
DATE OF ISSUE        March 18, 2020             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2020
ISSUED BY    Martin J. Lyons      Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.5
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 61.5
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                             SERVICE CLASSIFICATION NO. 11(M)
                        LARGE LOAD CUSTOMER SERVICE RATE (Cont'd.)
   RATE BASED ON MONTHLY METER READINGS(Cont'd)

         Demand Charge – per kW of Billing Demand                        $ 17.58

   Spring Rate  (March through May)
         Energy Charge – per kWh
                On-Peak kWh                                                 3.60¢
                Off-Peak kWh                                                2.89¢
         Demand Charge – per kW of Billing Demand                         $ 9.16

   Time-of-Use Periods
         Alternate Rate Seasons:
         Spring – March Through May
         Summer – June through August
         Fall – September through November
         Winter – December through February
         On-Peak/Off-Peak Energy Charge Periods applicable herein are:
         All Seasons (Summer, Fall, Winter, Spring)
                On-Peak hours - 9:00 A.M. to 9:00 P.M., All days
                Off-Peak hours - 9:00 P.M. to 9:00 A.M., All days
   On-Peak/Off-Peak Demand Charge Periods for both Standard and Alternate Rates
   applicable herein are:

         All Seasons
                On-Peak hours - 6:00 A.M. to 10:00 P.M., All days
                Off-Peak hours - 10:00 P.M. to 6:00 A.M., All days

   Service Voltage for Large Load Customer Service: 115 kV or greater

   Fuel and Purchased Power Adjustment (Rider FAC) Applicable to all metered
   kilowatthours (kWh) of energy.




     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2019-0335.
DATE OF ISSUE        March 18, 2020             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2020
ISSUED BY    Martin J. Lyons      Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.5
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 61.5
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

   Energy Efficiency Investment Charge (Rider EEIC) Applicable to all metered kilowatt-
   hours (kWh) of energy excluding kWh of energy supplied to customers that have
   satisfied the opt-out provisions of Section 393.1075, RSMo.

   Renewable Energy Standard Rate Adjustment Mechanism (Rider RESRAM) Applicable to all
   metered kilowatt-hours (kWh) of energy.

   Securitized Utility Tariff Rider (Rider SUR) Applicable to all metered kilowatt-
   hours (kWh) of energy.

   Cost Stabilization Rider (Rider CSR) Applicable to all metered kilowatt-hours (kWh)
   of energy.

   Tax Adjustment Any license, franchise, gross receipts, occupation, or similar charge
   or tax levied by any taxing authority on the amounts billed hereunder will be so
   designated and added as a separate item to bills rendered to customers under the
   jurisdiction of the taxing authority.

   Payments Large Load Customer bills are due and payable within thirty (30) days from
   date of bill and become delinquent thereafter.

   Term of Use One (1) year, terminable thereafter on three (3) days' notice.

    1.  RATE APPLICATION
   Service under this rate is required for (i) any new facility beginning service after
   the effective date of the tariff sheets for Large Load Customer Service (the
   “Effective Date”) with a peak load forecast reasonably expected to be equal to or in
   excess of a monthly maximum demand of seventy- five megawatts (75 MW) at any time
   during the Term or Extension Term; or (ii) any existing customers, who expand such
   that, after the Effective Date, have a monthly maximum demand that is reasonably
   expected to exceed their pre-existing demand by seventy-five megawatts (75 MW), then
   this rate shall be applicable to the expansion load.
   For the purpose of determining applicability of this rate, Company may exercise its
   discretion to aggregate premises served at a distribution voltage premises based on
   factors including, but not limited to, multiple premises with common owner(s) or a
   common parent company, or multiple premises sharing one or more of the following:
   common ownership, common local electrical infrastructure, physical layout, character
   of service, end use, and common control.
   2.     CHARACTER OF SERVICE SUPPLIED
   Company will specify and supply service at a voltage of 115 kV or greater.  Where
   the customer will own or otherwise bear financial responsibility for construction
   and operation of the distribution substation. LLCS customer premises (also referred
   to herein as a facility) shall generally mean a single point of interconnection,
   though the Company and customer may use multiple meters if determined appropriate.
   The Company maintains full discretion to evaluate whether multiple meters or
   premises may or may not be aggregated for purposes of the application of this rate,
   and in its sole reasonable discretion may require multiple meters or premises,
   including premises served at distribution voltages, to be considered an aggregate
   load that shall take service under this rate.

     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2019-0335.
DATE OF ISSUE        March 18, 2020             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2020
ISSUED BY    Martin J. Lyons      Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.5
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 61.5
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

   3.     METERING EXPANSION LOAD
   For customer facilities taking service under this rate due to expansion, the Company
   may install metering equipment necessary to measure the incremental load subject to
   this rate. The Company reserves the right to make the determination of whether such
   load will be separately metered or sub-metered. If the Company determines that the
   nature of the expansion is such that either separate metering or sub- metering is
   impractical or economically infeasible, the Company will determine, based on
   historical usage, what portion of the Customer’s load in excess of the monthly
   baseline, if any, will be subject to this rate and the LLCS Service Agreement.
   4.     BILLING DEMAND
   The billing demand in any month will be the highest demand established during on-
   peak hours or fifty percent (50%) of the highest demand established during off-peak
   hours, whichever is highest during the month, but in no event less than eighty
   percent (80%) of the Contract Capacity specified in the LLSC Service Agreement
   (“Minimum Billing Demand”).
   5.     REACTIVE CHARGE
   The charge specified in this rate shall be applicable to the kilovars by which the
   customer’s average metered kilovars exceed the customer’s kilovars at an average
   power factor of ninety percent (90%) lagging during the billing period.  Such
   average kilovar billing units shall be determined in accordance with the following
   formula:

         where:
                             kVar    =  kilovar billing units

                             kVarh   =  metered kilovar-hours
                             kWh     =  metered kilowatt-hours
                             kW      =  metered kilowatts
                             0.4843  =  kilovar requirement at a
                             90% lagging power factor.
   Where in the Company’s judgment application of the above formula would not be
   appropriate to full or partial self-generation customers, an alternative agreement,
   between Company and customers, for the payment of reactive supply facilities may be
   substituted for said formula.
   6.     ALTERNATE 4 SEASON DEMAND AND TIME-OF-USE ENERGY RATES
   At customer's election made in the manner specified below, the Alternate Rates will
   be used for billing a customer's energy consumption in lieu of the Standard Rates
   for energy and demand, except that, any customer that expects to operate at an
   annual load factor lower than seventy-five percent (75%), or that fails to maintain
   a load factor of 75% during the term of the LLCS Service Agreement determined as
   provided for below, shall, post-the Ramp Period provided for in Section 9 of this
   rate, be subject to mandatory application of the Alternate Rates in lieu of the
   Standard Rate[s] for energy and demand.
   To elect service under time-based energy charges, a customer must, at any time
   during the Term or any Extension Term in their LLCS Service Agreement, give written
   notice to the Company sixty (60)-days or more prior to the date the customer’s
   notice is to take effect.  The election shall take effect on the first day of the
   calendar month following 60 days after the notice was given.

     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2019-0335.
DATE OF ISSUE        March 18, 2020             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2020
ISSUED BY    Martin J. Lyons      Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.5
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 61.5
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

   Whether a customer failed to maintain a load factor of 75% for any given year shall
   be determined by the Company based on a review of that year's energy consumption and
   demand data, with such review to occur annually based on the most recently-completed
   year of the Term or Extension Term.  Should the Company’s review determine that the
   customer failed to maintain of load factor of 75% for the year in question, Company
   will notify the customer in writing that prospective billings will be based on time-
   based energy and demand charges until such time as customer maintains a load factor
   of 75% for a full year as determined in the annual review process described above.
   7.     CUMULATION OF SERVICES
   For a Large Load Customer that, in Company's judgment, requires multiple points of
   service for an individual premises, the individual meters will be combined prior to
   determining the demand applicable to billing.
   8.     ELECTRIC SERVICE AGREEMENT
   Customers receiving service under this rate are required to enter in a written
   service agreement (the “LLCS Service Agreement”) that specifies certain provisions
   of their electric service, including Contract Capacity. Which of Riders CEC, RPS-
   LLC, CCAP, and NEC that are applicable to customer’s service will be specified in an
   exhibit attached to the LLCS Service Agreement, which may be periodically amended
   subject to the mutual agreement of the Company and customer to reflect customer’s
   participation in such Company-offered programs.  LLCS Service Agreements must be
   consistent with approved tariffs applicable to Large Load Customers.
   9.     SERVICE TERM
   Customers to which this rate applies shall take service for a minimum term that
   includes up to five (5) years of an optional transitional load ramp period (“Load
   Ramp” or “Ramp Period”) plus twelve (12) years (the “Term”). The Term shall commence
   on the date permanent service begins, or as set forth in the LLCS Service Agreement.
   During the transitional Ramp Period, the customer’s maximum load may be lower than
   seventy-five megawatts (75 MW). Specific details of the customer’s Load Ramp may be
   addressed in the LLCS Service Agreement. Unless otherwise mutually agreed in the
   LLCS Service Agreement, the LLCS Service Agreement will automatically extend for
   periods of five years (“Extension Term”) at the end of the Term or any Extension
   Term, unless either party to the LLCS Service Agreement provides at least thirty-six
   (36) months’ written notice to the other party prior to the end of the Term or any
   Extension Term or its intent not to renew the LLCS Service Agreement, or of its
   intent to renew the LLCS Service Agreement for the Extension Term at a reduced
   Contract Capacity. A customer providing notice of non-extension will remain subject
   to the Exit Fee and Early Termination Fee based upon the remainder of the Term or
   Extension Term to the extent applicable under the customer’s LLCS Service Agreement,
   provided that so long as timely written notice is given and the notifying customer
   continues its service for the remaining Term or Extension Term, as applicable, no
   Exit Fee or Early Termination Fee shall apply. Service shall remain in effect
   throughout the Term and any Extension Term unless cancelled, modified, or terminated
   in writing and pursuant to the terms of Schedule LLCS or the LLCS Service Agreement,
   or the customer changes to another applicable Company rate schedule pursuant to the
   terms of this rate.
   10.    CONTRACT CAPACITY
   The LLCS Service Agreement will include a Contract Capacity schedule specifying the
   customer’s forecasted annual peak load requirement for the post-Ramp Period of the
   Term during on-peak hours. The Contract Capacity schedule shall also specify the
   peak load requirement for each quarter during the Load Ramp during on-peak hours, if
   any. The LLCS Service Agreement will set out expected off-peak demand if off-peak
     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2019-0335.
DATE OF ISSUE        March 18, 2020             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2020
ISSUED BY    Martin J. Lyons      Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.5
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 61.5
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

   demand is expected to be greater than Contract Capacity.  Unless otherwise agreed by
   the parties, the Contract Capacity during any Extension Term shall be the same as
   the Contract Capacity for the last year of the Term immediately preceding Term or
   Extension Term, as applicable.
   11.    MAXIMUM DEMAND
   Customer has an affirmative obligation to provide an updated peak demand forecast
   for each quarter of the upcoming year to provide the best current estimate of its
   peak demand by September 1st of each year. Customer is not authorized to exceed its
   Contract Capacity in any period, except (i) if the customer specifically requests
   authorization from Company to exceed the Contract Capacity for a limited time
   period, and (ii) Company verifies that such exceedance will not result in any
   reliability impacts. Company will provide Staff notification of any approved
   exceedance within five (5) business days after the approval is given, and of any
   cost impacts of any approved exceedance within forty-five (45) days.

   12.    PERMISSIBLE CAPACITY REDUCTION
   A customer taking service under this rate may request to reduce the Contract
   Capacity during the Term or any Extension Term, with the effective date of any such
   reduction occurring at any time in the Term by up to twenty (20) percent of the
   Contract Capacity (“Permissible Capacity Reduction”), in total, without charge for
   such reduction. To do so, the customer must provide the Company at least twenty-four
   (24)-months’ prior written notice.
   In addition, the customer may request to reduce its Contract Capacity beyond the
   Permissible Capacity Reduction, with the effective date of any such reduction
   occurring at any time after the first five (5) years of the Term by giving the
   Company at least twenty-four (24) months’ written notice prior to the beginning of
   the year for which the reduction is sought, subject to payment of a Capacity
   Reduction Fee. The Capacity Reduction Fee shall be calculated as two times the
   difference between (a) the nominal value of the Minimum Monthly Bill using the
   Contract Capacity specified in the customer’s LLCS Service Agreement minus (if
   applicable) the Permissible Capacity Reduction, times the number of months remaining
   in the Term or Extension Term, or for sixty (60) months, whichever is lesser, and
   (b) the nominal value of the Minimum Monthly Bill following such a reduction in
   capacity, times the number of months remaining in the Term or Extension Term, or for
   sixty (60) months, whichever is lesser. For avoidance of doubt, nothing in this
   Paragraph 12 limits the right of the customer to reduce its Contract Capacity upon
   thirty-six (36) months’ written notice before the end of the Term or Extension Term
   as permitted by Section 9.
   The Company will use reasonable efforts to mitigate the Capacity Reduction Fee
   amount owed by the customer. The Company shall invoice the customer no earlier than
   ninety (90) days prior to the date the customer has indicated the capacity reduction
   will occur for any unmitigated amounts of the Capacity Reduction Fee based on the
   calculation described above, provided that to the extent the Company is able to sell
   the difference between the Minimum Demand at the original Contract Capacity and the
   Minimum Demand at the reduced Contract Capacity post-such a capacity reduction into
   the Midcontinent Independent System Operator capacity market, Company shall refund
   the proceeds of such capacity sales (net of all wholesale market costs to do so) to
   customer annually for a period equal to the lesser of (i) the remainder of the Term
   or Extension Term, as applicable, or (ii) sixty (60 months) post-the date such a
   capacity reduction occurred, and provided further that the total refunds to customer
   shall not exceed the Capacity Reduction Fee.


     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2019-0335.
DATE OF ISSUE        March 18, 2020             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2020
ISSUED BY    Martin J. Lyons      Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.5
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 61.5
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

   The customer shall pay the Capacity Reduction Fee within thirty (30) days of the
   date it receives an invoice from the Company for the fee. To the extent the customer
   seeks to reduce its Contract Capacity on less notice, and the Company can reasonably
   reassign Contract Capacity to another large load customer, the Company in its sole
   reasonable discretion may agree to a variance from these provisions. Any notice to
   reduce capacity is irrevocable once given by the customer unless the Company in its
   sole reasonable discretion determines that it can accommodate a revocation of such
   notice. Any capacity reduction is permanent for the Term and any Extension Term, and
   any request by the customer to reinstate such capacity will be subject the
   interconnection process described in Section P of the Distribution System Extensions
   provisions of the Company’s General Rules and Regulations.
   13.    TERMINATION
   In order to terminate before the end of the Term or any Extension Term, the customer
   must deliver a written notice (a “Termination Notice”) to Ameren Missouri not less
   than twenty-four (24) months prior to the effective date of the termination
   specified in the Termination Notice (the “Termination Date”).  If a customer
   terminates its service under its Service Agreement pursuant to this Section 13
   during the Ramp Period, the customer shall pay to Ameren Missouri an Exit Fee (the
   “Exit Fee”) in an amount equal to the applicable Minimum Monthly Bill multiplied by
   the number of months in the remaining term of the Load Ramp period plus sixty (60)
   calendar months.
   If the customer terminates its service under its LLCS Service Agreement pursuant to
   this Section 13 after the Ramp Period, the Customer shall pay to Ameren Missouri an
   Exit Fee in an amount equal to the applicable Minimum Monthly Bill multiplied by the
   lesser of (x) a period of sixty (60) calendar months or (y) the number of months in
   the remaining Term or Extension Term (such lesser period, the (“Termination Fee
   Period").
   An additional fee shall apply if the customer seeks to terminate with less than
   twenty-four (24)-months’ notice (the “Early Termination Fee”). In such case, the
   Early Termination Fee shall be equal to two (2) times the nominal value of the
   applicable Minimum Monthly Bill times the number of months less than the twenty-four
   (24)-months’ notice required for termination.  The Large Load Customer shall pay to
   Ameren Missouri the Exit Fee and, if applicable, the Early Termination Fee promptly,
   and in any event not more than thirty (30) days, after the Termination Date, by wire
   transfer of immediately available federal funds to an account located in the United
   States as Ameren Missouri may specify by notice.
   Commencing on the date of delivery of the Termination Notice, Company shall use
   commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate the amount of the Exit Fee, which
   efforts are expressly limited to (i) during the Termination Fee Period, Company
   selling wholesale capacity (net of all wholesale market costs to do so), up to the
   Minimum Demand in the applicable Midcontinent Independent System Operator markets or
   via bilateral transactions, at such times and in such amounts as Company may
   determine, and (ii) until the Termination Date, Company seeking LLCS customers to
   whom it would provide bundled retail electric service, up to the Minimum Demand, to
   one or more other Large Load Customers (if available) pursuant to an LLCS Service
   Agreement with such customers. For purposes hereof, the “Refund Amount” is the
   aggregate net amount received by Company in connection with clauses (i) and (ii) in
   the preceding sentence.  Within thirty (30) days after December 31 of each calendar
   year during the Termination Fee Period, Company shall pay to the customer the
   portion of the Refund Amount received by Company during such calendar year, by wire
   transfer of immediately available federal funds to an account located in the United
   States as the customer may specify by notice; provided that in no event shall the
   Refund Amount exceed the Termination Fee.  If customer qualifies for a different
   rate schedule (other than Company Service Classifications 2(M), 3(M), 4(M) and the
     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2019-0335.
DATE OF ISSUE        March 18, 2020             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2020
ISSUED BY    Martin J. Lyons      Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.5
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 61.5
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

   non-Large Load Customer Service provisions of 11(M)), it may elect to change to such
   schedule so long as it meets the requirements therein.

   14.    INTERIM CAPACITY ADJUSTMENT
   If the Company determines that the customer’s load cannot be served by the Company’s
   existing system capabilities, the Company may enter into specific market contract
   agreements to provide the necessary capacity requirements of the customer until
   sufficient system capacity may be supplied by the Company. The customer and the
   Company must mutually agree on the terms for the interim capacity procured by the
   Company pursuant to an Interim Capacity Agreement.   The customer shall be subject
   to an additional demand charge calculated according to the terms of the Interim
   Capacity Agreement, with customer responsible for the full costs thereof and the
   terms of the Interim Capacity Agreement.
   15.    MINIMUM MONTHLY BILL
   Customers taking service under this rate shall be subject to a Minimum Monthly Bill
   which shall consist of the sum of each of the following charges and shall apply in
   addition to any energy-based charges paid by customer:
         i.     Demand Charge (with minimum monthly demand set at 80 percent of the
                Contract Capacity (“Minimum Demand”));
         ii.    Customer Charge (metering, billing, customer support);
         iii.   Low-Income Pilot Program Charge
         vi.    Other Demand-Based Riders approved by the Commission in the future; and
         v.     The Cost Stabilization Rider, with minimum monthly demand set at the
                Minimum Demand.
   16.    COST STABILIZATION RIDER
   Schedule LLCS customers eligible to receive service under the Company’s Economic
   Development Rider will be subject to the Cost Stabilization Rider (“CSR”), an
   adjustment clause designed to ensure recovery of costs incurred to serve customer to
   which this rate applies. The CSR shall be applied consistent with the Missouri
   Economic Development Rider statute.  The CSR shall be calculated based on comparing
   the customer’s estimated base rate revenue and estimated final bill revenue prior to
   applying Rider CEC. Estimated base rate revenue shall be the revenue produced by all
   applicable base rate and riders other than Riders CEC, RSP-LLC, CCAP, and NEC and
   the estimated final bill revenue shall be the base rate revenue plus any applicable
   rate discounts, such as an approved economic development rate. Should the customer’s
   estimated final bill revenues fall below the customer’s estimated base rate revenue,
   an amount, expressed in a dollar per kW ($/kW) charge, will be added to the customer
   billing through this charge. The CSR shall be customer-specific and memorialized in
   the LLCS Service Agreement. This comparison shall be completed annually. The CSR
   shall not be subject to any related Economic Development Rider discount. Making the
   CSR non-bypassable ensures that customers are substantially covering the cost to
   serve them in their tariffed rates or any other voluntary riders in which the
   customer enrolls.
   The CSR shall not be subject to any related Economic Development Rider discount.

   17.     CUSTOMER CREDITWORTHINESS
   (1) For a customer falling within the category reflected in subsection (6) below:
   (1) The customer, or (2) the entity who owns the facility where the customer takes
     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2019-0335.
DATE OF ISSUE        March 18, 2020             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2020
ISSUED BY    Martin J. Lyons      Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.5
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 61.5
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

   service and assumes all financial obligations associated with the facility under
   this rate and the LLCS Service Agreement, or (3) an entity who otherwise assumes all
   financial obligations associated with the facility under this rate and the LLCS
   Service Agreement, must be reasonably creditworthy as determined in the Company's
   sole reasonable discretion. As such, the Company retains discretion to evaluate the
   creditworthiness and credit support of the entity who assumes all contractual
   obligations under this rate and the LLCS Service Agreement, and to require
   reasonable assurances if necessary to address customer creditworthiness.
   (2) The Company will require Schedule LLCS customers to provide collateral in an
   amount equal to two (2) years of Minimum Monthly Bills, as calculated by the Company
   (the “Collateral Requirement”).
   (3)    A customer together with a Guarantor,  which can include its ultimate parent,
   corporate affiliate, a tenant, or any other entity with a financial interest in the
   customer (“Guarantor”) that guarantees the Collateral Requirement under Schedule
   LLCS and the LLCS Service Agreement (i) has a credit rating of at least A- from
   Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) and A3 from Moody’s, (ii) and if rated A- or A3 has not
   been placed on credit watch by either such rating agency if either the customer’s
   credit rating by such agency is equal (and not greater to) to the foregoing rating,
   and (iii) has liquidity greater than ten (10) times the collateral requirement as of
   the end of applicable period (and which must be shown by providing financial
   statements and a chief financial officer or a third-party certified public
   accountant certification accompanying such financial statements, no later than
   forty-five (45) days after the end of the period) (collectively, “60% Eligibility
   Requirements”) will be exempt from sixty (60) percent of the Collateral Requirement,
   with the sixty (60) percent discount not to exceed $175 million. “Period” for public
   companies shall be the interval for reporting required by the Securities and
   Exchange Commission, for all other companies “Period” shall be each calendar
   quarter.
   (4)    A customer that does not have an A- credit rating from S&P and A3 rating from
   Moody’s, but (together with a Guarantor that guarantees the Collateral Requirement
   under Schedule LLCS and the LLCS Service Agreement) (i) has at least a BBB+ credit
   rating from S&P and Baa1 credit rating from Moody’s, (ii) has not been placed on
   credit watch by either such rating agency if either the customer’s credit rating by
   such agency is equal (and not greater to) to the foregoing rating, and (iii) has
   liquidity greater than ten (10) times the Collateral Requirement as of the end of
   the applicable quarter (as determined in the Company’s reasonable discretion, and
   which must be shown by providing quarterly financial statements and a chief
   financial officer or a third-party certified public accountant certification
   accompanying such financial statements, no later than forty-five (45) days after the
   end of the quarter) (collectively, “50% Eligibility Requirements”) will be exempt
   from fifty (50) percent of the Collateral Requirement, with the fifty (50) percent
   discount not to exceed $150 million.
   (5)    A customer that does not have an A- credit rating from S&P and A3 rating from
   Moody’s, but (together with a Guarantor that guarantees the Collateral Requirement
   under Schedule LLCS and the LLCS Service Agreement) (i) has at least a BBB- credit
   rating from S&P and Baa3 credit rating from Moody’s, (ii) has not been placed on
   credit watch by either such rating agency if either the customer’s credit rating by
   such agency is equal (and not greater to) to the foregoing rating, and (iii) has
   liquidity greater than ten (10) times the Collateral Requirement  as  of  the  end
   of  the applicable quarter  (as  determined  in  the Company’s reasonable
   discretion, and which must be shown by providing quarterly financial statements and
   a chief financial officer or a third-party certified public accountant certification
   accompanying such financial statements, no later than forty-five (45) days after the
   end of the quarter) (collectively, “40% Eligibility Requirements”) will be exempt

     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2019-0335.
DATE OF ISSUE        March 18, 2020             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2020
ISSUED BY    Martin J. Lyons      Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.5
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 61.5
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

   from forty (40) percent of the Collateral Requirement, with the forty (40) percent
   discount not to exceed $125 million.
   (6)    A customer that does not have an A- credit rating from S&P and A3 rating from
   Moody’s, but (together with a Guarantor that guarantees the Collateral Requirement
   under this rate and the LLCS Service Agreement) either (i) has at least a BBB-
   credit rating from S&P and Baa3 credit rating from Moody’s, and has not been placed
   on credit watch by either such rating agency if either the customer’s credit rating
   by such agency is equal (and not greater to) to the foregoing rating, or (ii) has
   liquidity greater than ten (10) times the Collateral Requirement as of the end of
   the applicable quarter (as determined in the Company’s reasonable discretion, and
   which must be shown by providing quarterly financial statements and a chief
   financial officer or a third-party certified public accountant certification
   accompanying such financial statements, no later than forty-five (45) days after the
   end of the quarter) (collectively, “25% Eligibility Requirements”) will be exempt
   from twenty-five (25) percent of the Collateral Requirement, with the twenty-five
   (25) percent discount not to exceed $75 million.
   (7)    The 60% Eligibility Requirements, the 50% Eligibility Requirements, the 40%
   Eligibility Requirements, and the 25% Eligibility Requirements are collectively
   referred to as the “Discount Eligibility Requirements.”
   (8)    The Collateral Requirement must be provided at the time of executing the LLCS
   Service Agreement.
   (9)    Any collateral provided to satisfy the Collateral Requirement shall not
   accrue interest while held by the Company.
   (10)   The Company will, in its sole reasonable discretion, after the customer has
   achieved their peak load for  at least three (3) years, annually consider reducing
   the customer’s collateral obligation over the course of its contract period, on a
   schedule generally corresponding to the reduction of risk to the Company and its
   customers.  The Company will consider the customer’s performance criteria, which
   includes, but is not limited to the customer’s: (i) financial condition, (ii) load
   performance, (iii) payment history, (iv) credit rating, and (v) any default history.
   (11)   The amount of the Collateral Requirement under the foregoing calculation will
   be recomputed quarterly based upon the customer’s rolling twenty-four (24)-month
   load forecast as of the first date of the next quarter, and the customer shall
   provide the recomputed amount if greater than the current amount held. The Company
   shall notify a customer if the customer no longer meets the applicable Discount
   Eligibility Requirements, including if the customer has been placed on credit watch,
   if applicable to such eligibility.
   (12)   The Collateral Requirement must be provided in one or more of the following
   Forms, provided, that the Company shall have the right to choose the acceptable form
   of collateral among those listed below for any customer that qualifies for a
   Discount of twenty-five percent (25%) or less:
         a.     A guarantee from the customer’s Guarantor for the applicable Collateral
                Requirement, so long as the Guarantor meets the applicable Discount
                Eligibility Requirement, provided that the dollar amount of the
                Collateral Requirement that may be provided under the guarantee is
                subject to credit review by the Company. The guarantee must be in a
                format acceptable to and approved by the Company, and must include (i)
                if the Guarantor’s creditworthiness is considered for determining the
                Discount Eligibility Requirements, a commitment from the Guarantor to
                pay the Collateral Requirement if the customer fails to make such
                payments (without a dollar limit), and (ii) a provision that
     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2019-0335.
DATE OF ISSUE        March 18, 2020             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2020
ISSUED BY    Martin J. Lyons      Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.5
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 61.5
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                automatically increases the dollar amount of collateral covered by the
                guarantee if either the customer or Guarantor no longer satisfies the
                applicable Discount Eligibility Requirement; or,
         b.     A standby irrevocable Letter of Credit (“Letter of Credit”) for the
                applicable Collateral Requirement. The Letter of Credit must be issued
                by a U.S. bank or the U.S. branch of a foreign bank, which is not
                affiliated with the customer or its Guarantor, with a credit rating of
                at least A- from S&P and A3 from Moody’s and a minimum of $2 billion in
                assets. Such security must be issued for a minimum term of three
                hundred sixty (360) days. The customer must cause the renewal or
                extension of the security for additional consecutive terms
                of three hundred sixty (360) days or more no later than thirty (30)
                days prior to each expiration date of the security. If the customer no
                longer satisfies the applicable Discount Eligibility Requirement, it
                must increase the amount covered by the Letter of Credit within ten
                (10) days. If the security is not renewed, extended, or increased as
                required herein, the Company will have the right to draw immediately
                upon the Letter of Credit and/or demand cash collateral in the amount
                of the required increase and be entitled to hold the amounts so drawn
                or received as security until the customer has either (i) come back
                into compliance with the requirements for use of a Letter of Credit or,
                (ii) if required by the Company, has provided an alternative form of
                collateral consistent with this rate. The Letter of Credit must be in a
                format acceptable to and approved by the Company; or
         c.     A cash deposit for the applicable Collateral Requirement.
   (13)   In case of an uncured breach by the customer of the LLCS Service Agreement,
   an uncured breach of the Guarantor under the parent guaranty, or any notice of
   termination or refusal to continue the Letter of Credit by the issuing bank, the
   Company may draw on the applicable collateral, as further set forth in the LLCS
   Service Agreement.
   (14)   If, at any time after Customer’s initial delivery of the collateral the
   customer fails to comply with the Collateral Requirement, the Company may thereafter
   pursue any and all rights and remedies at law or in equity, and may take any other
   action consistent with the LLCS Service Agreement, this rate, and the Company’s
   General Rules and Regulations, including but not limited to suspension or
   curtailment of service.
   (15)   To the extent the Company draws on a cash deposit provided by a customer, the
   Company draws funds from a Letter of Credit or Guarantee, or the Company receives a
   cash Exit Fee, the Company will defer the amount received minus any amount used to
   pay for services rendered,  together  with  the Company’s weighted  average cost of
   capital, as a regulatory liability to be addressed in the next general ratemaking
   proceeding.
   18.    LARGE LOAD CUSTOMER RIDERS
   In addition to the applicability of Riders FAC, EEIC, SUR, and RESRAM to service
   provided to Large Load Customers, the following additional Riders shall apply to
   Large Load Customer's service under an applicable LLCS Service Agreement if selected
   by the Large Load Customer pursuant to such applicable LLCS Service Agreement:
   1.     Renewable Solutions Program – Large Load Customers Program (Rider RSP LLC)
   2.     Clean Capacity Advancement Program (Rider CCAP)
   3.     Nuclear Energy Credit Program (Rider NEC)
   4.     Clean Energy Choice Program (Rider CEC)
     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2019-0335.
DATE OF ISSUE        March 18, 2020             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2020
ISSUED BY    Martin J. Lyons      Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT A
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 61.5
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 61.5
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA


   Notwithstanding any provisions of Rider RESRAM to the contrary, a Large Load
   Customer shall not be subject to RESRAM charges if it participates in Rider RSP-LLC
   or any other voluntary rider offered by Company and thereby receives or is
   reasonably projected to receive renewable attributes supporting its load at a level
   that is greater than or equal to the then applicable "RES portfolio requirement" as
   defined in 20 CSR 4240-20.100(1)(R).For Large Load Customers with such participation
   agreements, the Large Load Customer's entire load  that is supported with renewable

   attributes it receives or is reasonably projected to receive that are sufficient to
   cover the applicable "RES portfolio requirement" as defined in 20 CSR 4240-
   20.100(1)(R) will be subtracted from the calculation of "total retail electric
   sales" as defined in 20 CSR 4240-20.100(1)(W). RESRAM charges shall still apply to
   such a Large Load Customer to the extent the renewable attributes it receives or is
   reasonably projected to receive do not reach the then applicable "RES portfolio
   requirement". For purposes of this Section 8, "renewable attributes" means Renewable
   Energy Credits, as defined in 20 CSR 4240-20.100 (1)(N), that the Large Load
   Customer has retired or had retired on its behalf through such programs. Large Load
   Customers participating in Rider RSP-LLC or other voluntary riders offered by
   Company for which renewable attributes are produced will be evaluated for this
   exemption annually or more frequently if a customer's participation to such
   program(s) changes.  Such annual or more frequent evaluations shall be used by the
   Company to demonstrate compliance with the accelerated renewable buyer provisions of
   Section 393.1030.2(5), RSMo.
   19.    GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
         In addition to the above specific rules and regulations, all of the Company’s
   General Rules and Regulations shall apply to the supply of service under this rate.





   *Indicates Change.





     Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2019-0335.
DATE OF ISSUE        March 18, 2020             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2020
ISSUED BY    Martin J. Lyons      Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESS                                                           EXHIBIT B
UNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 107
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 107
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                         II. CHARACTERISTICS OF SERVICE SUPPLIED
   A.   GENERAL PROVISIONS
        Company will designate and supply standard electric service, suitable for
        customer's electrical requirements, in the form of 60 Hertz alternating
        current at the various voltages indicated below to all customers within its
        service area.
   B.   SECONDARY SERVICE VOLTAGES
        Company's standard single phase secondary voltage is 120/240 volts.  Standard
        three phase, four wire, secondary voltages are 120/208 volts and 277/480
        volts.  Company may designate more than one service connection for
        engineering and operating reasons.  These services will not be cumulated or
        otherwise combined for billing purposes.  Company may, at its sole
        discretion, make three phase, three wire, secondary voltages of 240 volts or
        480 volts available.
   C.   NUMBER OF SECONDARY VOLTAGES ALLOWED
        Company will designate and supply not more than one single phase and/or one
        three phase secondary voltage to a premises, unless otherwise required to
        satisfy Company's engineering, operating, or economic considerations.  Where
        large single phase customer loads are to be supplied, Company shall have the
        right to supply two or more single phase or a three phase, four wire,
        secondary voltage and to require customer to arrange his wiring so that the
        load can be divided equally among the two or three phases.  Company may
        designate a three phase secondary service when single phase facilities are
        not readily or economically available to serve the customer.
   D.   COMPANY SUBSTATION ON CUSTOMER PREMISES - SECONDARY SERVICE
        If in Company's opinion it is impractical or inadvisable to supply customer
        with the designated secondary service from Company's general distribution
        system, Company will install the substation or transformation required for
        such service in a space, area, room or vault.  The Customer shall construct
        such space, area, room or vault in accordance with Company provided
        specifications.  Company may use such transformation or substations for
        supplying service to other customers where it is technically and economically
        feasible to do so.  Said area for Company's substation equipment shall be
        constructed by customer in accordance with Company's specifications and at no
        cost to Company.  Only one substation will be installed by Company for such
        purposes at any premises and Company may utilize said substation for
        supplying service to other customers where it is technically and economically
        feasible to do so.




DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019              DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 108
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 108
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                    II. CHARACTERISTICS OF SERVICE SUPPLIED (Cont'd.)
   E.   PRIMARY SERVICE VOLTAGE
        The primary voltages designated and supplied by Company will generally be
        limited to the voltage of Company's distribution lines in the geographic area
        which encompasses the premises of the customer to be served.  Such three
        phase, four wire, primary voltages will be either 4160Y/2400 or 12470Y/7200
        volts.  Although not generally available, other primary voltages may be
        supplied in limited portions of the Company's service area under certain
        conditions designated by Company.
   F.   SERVICE AT A PRIMARY VOLTAGE
        Company may designate and supply a three phase primary voltage to customer
        where any of the following conditions, pertaining to customers electrical
        requirements, exist:
        1.   The magnitude of the customer's load would require Company to install a
             primary to secondary voltage transformer which exceeds the rated
             capacity of the individual transformers normally purchased and installed
             by Company for such purposes.
        2.   Customer, at the time of Company's initial line extension for electric
             service, requests more than one point of delivery of the same three phase
             secondary voltage for supplying a single customer at the same premises.
        3.   An existing secondary voltage customer's expansion requires one or more
             single or three phase secondary voltage connections in addition to the
             secondary connections presently used for the supply of electric service to
             the same premises currently being served by Company.
        4.   Where in the Company's judgement the location of transformation and
             customer's service equipment are or would be inaccessible, subject to
             flood, contamination, etc., or potentially result in other anticipated
             operating difficulties.
        5.   Where in the Company's judgement the customer's load characteristics make
             such service advisable.

        When Company requires or customer requests primary service to serve a premises
        and Company agrees to additional connections at primary or secondary voltages
        for Company's general engineering, operating or economic reasons, such
        additional connections will be provided under the provisions of the line
        extension rules in Section III.  Company will designate the point of delivery
        of any connections provided hereunder.  The service supplied through such
        additional connections installed at customer's request on and after May 5, 1990
        will not be cumulated or otherwise combined, for billing purposes, with any
        other service supplied to customer.



DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019              DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised         SHEET NO. 109
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised         SHEET NO. 109
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                    II. CHARACTERISTICS OF SERVICE SUPPLIED (Cont'd.)
   G.   COMPANY SUBSTATION ON CUSTOMER PREMISES - PRIMARY SERVICE
        If in Company's opinion it is impractical or inadvisable to supply customer
        with the designated primary service from Company's general distribution system,
        Company will install a substation on customer's premises to transform a higher
        delivery voltage to the designated primary service voltage.  For said
        substation, customer shall provide, without cost to Company, a fenced space,
        area, room or vault, as required, an easement, access for Company personnel and
        equipment, transformer pads, grounding grid, secondary circuitry and supports
        and adequate ventilation in accordance with Company specifications.  Only one
        substation will normally be installed by Company for such purposes at any
        premise and Company may utilize said substation for supplying service to other
        customers where it is technically and economically feasible to do so.  The
        configuration of the service to these facilities will take into account Company
        engineering and operating requirements.  The Company and the Customer will
        enter into appropriate agreements regarding assurances for procurement of
        equipment.
 * H.   HIGH VOLTAGE SERVICE
        Where customer requests for its purposes to be supplied at a voltage higher
        than the Company's standard primary service voltages, or Company specifies
        same due to operation of converters, electric furnaces or other equipment, or
        the amount of capacity requested by customer is inconsistent with Company’s
        standard substation design, customer shall own, operate and maintain its own
        substation designed in accordance with Company specifications.  Except in the
        case of a customer taking service under the Large Load Customer Service
        provisions of Service Classification 11(M) High Voltage Service customers
        shall receive a discount from Company's applicable rate schedule as set forth
        in Rider B.  The Company’s obligation to provide High Voltage Service is
        conditioned on customer and Company entering into appropriate agreements
        relating to determining transmission or distribution system improvements,
        and/or to resource additions needed to provide such service.
   I.   SERVICE TO DOWNTOWN ST. LOUIS UNDERGROUND DISTRICT
        The Downtown St. Louis Underground District is the area bounded by Twenty-
        Second Street, Cole Street, Spruce Street, and the Mississippi River.  The
        preferred form of service within this area is either a 13.8 kV, three phase,
        four wire primary radial supply, or a three phase, four wire secondary voltage
        connection in an indoor substation room provided by customer at or one level
        below grade and constructed in accordance with Company's specifications.

        When new or increased load can be supplied from the existing 120/208 volt,
        three phase, four wire gridded network without major reinforcement required by
        Company, service will be provided in such limited amounts and subject to the
        line extension provisions.


DATE OF ISSUE        August 13, 2024             DATE EFFECTIVE      September 12, 2024
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised         SHEET NO. 109
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised         SHEET NO. 109
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA


   *Indicates Change.





DATE OF ISSUE        August 13, 2024             DATE EFFECTIVE      September 12, 2024
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESS UNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                          MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised         SHEET NO. 110
           CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised         SHEET NO. 110
 APPLYING TO                             MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                               GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                     II. CHARACTERISTICS OF SERVICE SUPPLIED (Cont'd.)
   I.   SERVICE TO DOWNTOWN ST. LOUIS UNDERGROUND DISTRICT (Cont'd.)
        Where in Company's judgement it is impractical or inadvisable to supply a
        customer's new or increased load from the gridded or spot networks, customer
        will be required to provide at no cost to the Company an indoor substation
        room at or one level below grade, constructed in accordance with Company's
        specifications, and transfer all electrical load to the new connection point.
        In such instances requiring an indoor substation, customer may, with the
        Company's approval, accept responsibility for all excess costs incurred by
        Company in continuing to provide all or a portion of customer's service from
        the gridded network solely for customer's benefit.
*  J.   NON-STANDARD SERVICE
        Changes in business practices and regulatory and legal requirements will, from
        time to time, result in the Company serving or billing a limited number of
        customers in a manner that is currently considered a non-standard form of
        service.  Such non-standard service includes, but is not limited to, voltages,
        frequencies, metering equipment, metering locations, electrical distribution
        system supply facilities and configurations, and master and cumulated meter
        billing situations that are prohibited by current Commission rules and Company
        tariffs for application to new customers.  The continued provision of such non-
        standard service and billing is limited to the premises presently served by
        such facilities.  These facilities may only be relocated, expanded or enhanced
        for Company’s engineering reasons.

        In order to minimize and phase out the number of non-standard service
        installations and billing applications on its system, Company will, unless
        otherwise provided for above, discontinue providing any such non-standard
        service to a premises when the premises is remodeled or rehabilitated in any
        such manner that requires new, modified, enhanced or relocated electrical
        distribution supply facilities from the Company.





  *Indicates Change.

 Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2022-0337.
 DATE OF ISSUE         June 19, 2023              DATE EFFECTIVE         July 9, 2023
 ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
                NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 111
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 111
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                           III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS
   A.   APPLICABILITY
        Permanent electric service of the form and character described in Section II of
        these rules will be supplied for permanent year round use to Customers within
        the Company's authorized service area, by extension and/or modifications or
        enlargements to Company's electric distribution system, in accordance with the
        provisions set forth in this Section III.  Company's extension shall be
        considered as completed when said extension is adjacent to the premises to be
        served and Company is prepared to connect service thereto.
   B.   DEFINITIONS
        Extension Allowance:  An economically justifiable investment which may be made
        by the Company for distribution line extensions, service extensions, or a
        combination thereof, and uses the following formula:

                                                 Marginal Revenue                     Extension Allowance  =                                              Cost of Service Factor

        Marginal Revenue:  The estimated average annual revenue measured over the first
        5 years of life associated with the line extension project, less incremental
        energy, capacity, and marginal network and infrastructure support cost.

        Cost of Service Factor:  Comprised of the Company's cost of capital, cost of
        depreciation, property tax, state and federal income tax and insurance.  The
        factor is applied to the Marginal Revenue to determine Ameren Missouri's
        Extension Allowance, and is determined from Ameren Missouri's most recent rate
        case proceeding and/or through a periodic review conducted by the Company.

        Extension Charge:  That portion of the total Extension Cost which is not
        covered by the Extension Allowance and for which the Customer is responsible.

                    Extension Charge = Extension Cost – Extension Allowance

        Extension Cost:  The estimated installed cost of any line extensions and/or
        modifications and enlargements of the Company's distribution system, which will
        include the total cost of all labor and materials, easements, licenses,
        permits, cleared right-of-way and all other incidental costs, including
        indirect costs.  The indirect costs will include, where applicable, the cost of
        engineering, supervision, inspection, insurance, payments for injury and damage
        awards, taxes, AFUDC (Allowance for Funds Used During Construction), legal and
        administrative and general expenses associated with the extension of the
        Company's distribution system.  The percentage used for indirect costs reflects
        the Company's historical indirect cost experience.  The Company's Extension
        Cost is based on normal, pre-construction and unobstructed conditions.  Cost
        estimates relative to Extension Allowances or Customer contributions are based
        on the conditions prevailing at the time the estimate is made.  Additional
        costs due to changes in surface conditions or unanticipated subsurface

DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 112
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 112
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                      III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
   B.   DEFINITIONS (Cont'd.)
        conditions occurring after the initial Extension Cost estimate, will be covered
        by the Company to the extent there is available remaining Extension Allowance.
        Should the unanticipated additional Extension Cost cause the new Extension Cost
        to exceed the Extension Allowance, the Customer will be responsible for an
        additional Extension Charge resulting from the updated Extension Cost.  Company
        may install a distribution extension of greater length or capacity than
        initially required for the Customer requesting service, due to general
        engineering, economic, operating, or reliability reasons, in which case the
        additional cost of such increases in distribution system length or capacity
        shall not be included in the cost of the extension applicable to Customer.
   C.   DISTRIBUTION EXTENSION LENGTH
        The length of the extension of the distribution system will be the distance
        along the installation route designated and utilized by Company in making said
        extension.  Such distance shall be measured from the Company's designated point
        of delivery on Customer's premises to the nearest point of connection to
        Company's existing distribution system having like phase and voltage as that
        being supplied to Customer's premises.
   D.   POINT OF DELIVERY OF SERVICE
        The point of delivery of service, at which Company's distribution facilities
        connect to Customer's electrical facilities without regard to meter location,
        shall normally be at the following electrical connection points:
        1.   Overhead Service
             a.   Secondary Voltage - All Customers - At Customer's service entrance
                  conductors, i.e., weatherhead or bus duct outlet.
             b.   Primary and Higher Voltages - At the line-side dead end attachment on
                  Customer's meter pole, or on the bus structure of Customer's
                  substations, or at the low side terminals of a Company substation on
                  Customer's property.
        2.   Underground Service
             a.   Secondary Voltage-Residential - At the line-side meter terminals for
                  Company owned services; on the pole, connecting to Company's overhead
                  distribution system or Company's padmounted transformer or pedestal,
                  in the case of Customer owned cables.
             b.   Secondary Voltage-All Other Customers - At the connection of
                  Customer's cable to the low side terminals of Company's padmounted
                  transformer or pedestal or Customer provided junction box.
             c.   Primary and Higher Voltages - At the line-side terminals in metal-
                  clad switchgear, or at an agreed upon point on or in a Customer owned
                  substation.


DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 113
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 113
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                      III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
   E.   EXTENSIONS TO NON-RESIDENTIAL CUSTOMERS
        Company will provide a distribution extension to non-residential premises at no
        cost to Customer provided the estimated Extension Allowance equals or exceeds
        the estimated Extension Cost of the portion of required extension applicable to
        Customer.  Where the Extension Cost is greater than the Extension Allowance,
        the Customer will be required to pay the Extension Charge in advance prior to
        the commencement of construction by Company.

        At the Company's sole discretion, where permanency of service cannot be
        reasonably assured in order to predict the revenue stream from the Customer or
        the revenues cannot be projected with sufficient certainty, the Customer may be
        required to pay to Company in advance of Company's construction all of the
        estimated Extension Cost as an Extension Charge.  Where the entirety of the
        Extension Cost is required upfront, after a 12 month period beginning with the
        Customer's fourth billing cycle, the Extension Charge will be recalculated
        using actual revenues to determine if the customer is eligible for a refund.
        If applicable, a refund will be issued for the difference between the original
        Extension Charge and the Extension Charge recalculated on the actual revenue.

        1.   Non-Residential Underground Extensions
             Where underground extensions are requested or required by law the
             following provisions apply:

             a.   Point of Delivery of Service
                  Company will designate to Customer the point of delivery of the
                  required electric service and Customer shall be responsible for the
                  installation, maintenance, replacement, enlargement or relocation of
                  all underground electric service facilities, other than metering, to
                  the Company's designated delivery point.
             b.   Specifications
                  Customer will install, maintain, replace, enlarge, or relocate all
                  underground conduit, foundations, manholes, service boxes,
                  transformer pads, switchgear pads, and other surface and sub-surface
                  structures to meet Company specifications which are necessary to
                  contain and/or support Company's electrical primary and secondary
                  cables and equipment within the boundaries of the development.
                  Maintenance, replacement, enlargement, or relocation of such
                  facilities will be done by the Company at the Customer's expense once
                  they contain or support energized cables or equipment.  Company will
                  provide standard switchgear pads and transformer pads to Customer for
                  installation in order to maintain uniformity and quality control of
                  these items.  Customer is to provide Company open access to said



DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 114
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 114
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                      III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
   E.   EXTENSIONS TO NON-RESIDENTIAL CUSTOMERS (Cont'd.)
        1.   Non-Residential Underground Extensions (Cont'd.)
             b.   Specifications (Cont'd.)
                  facilities, and when necessary, remove obstructions, improvements,
                  decorative structures, etc., when Company requires such access for
                  maintenance, replacement, enlargement, etc.  When Company requests
                  additional conduits or larger structures for facilities that will
                  serve Customers beyond the boundaries of the development, Company
                  will pay the incremental or extra cost of those additional
                  facilities.
        Non-residential line extension agreements executed prior to January 1, 2019
        shall remain in effect.  Agreements executed after January 1, 2019 shall be in
        accordance with the terms of this Section III., Distribution System Extensions.
   F.   OVERHEAD EXTENSIONS TO INDIVIDUAL RESIDENTIAL CUSTOMERS
        Company will provide, at no cost, single-phase overhead electric service
        consisting of a meter, service drop, transformation capacity and up to 1,000
        feet of additional distribution facilities, as required, no more than 500 feet
        of which shall be extended on private property, to the premises of an
        individual residential Customer not located within a residential subdivision.
        The portion of any distribution extension applicable to Customer in excess of
        the aforementioned allowance shall be paid for by Customer, in advance of
        construction, at the Company's then current standard construction cost per foot
        of single phase overhead extensions.
   G.   OVERHEAD EXTENSIONS TO RESIDENTIAL SUBDIVISIONS
        1.   Single-Family Residences
             Company will provide single-phase overhead electric service consisting of
             meters, services, transformation capacity and all additional facilities
             required for the distribution of electricity, through and within the
             boundaries of a residential subdivision for which permanent electric
             service has been requested by Customer/developer to two or more
             residential buildings, at no cost to the Customer/developer, excluding
             subdivisions covered by the Large Lot Subdivision provisions outlined
             below.  Company will also provide additional distribution facilities of up
             to 150 feet per subdivision lot, as required, to extend its existing
             distribution system to the boundaries of the subdivision site, at no cost
             to Customer/developer.  For any permanent electric distribution extension
             facilities to or within the subdivision, in excess of the aforementioned
             allowances, Customer/developer shall make a deposit in advance of
             construction, based upon the Company's then current standard construction
             charges for such facilities, which deposit may be refundable in whole or
             in part.  Semi-annually thereafter, Company will compare its standard


DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised         SHEET NO. 115
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised         SHEET NO. 115
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                      III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
   G.   OVERHEAD EXTENSIONS TO RESIDENTIAL SUBDIVISIONS (Cont'd.)
        1.   Single-Family Residences (Cont'd)
             overhead distribution cost per lot with the annual net revenue per lot
             estimated to be received from the additional homes within the subdivision
             having been connected with electric service and permanently occupied for
             residential dwelling purposes, after receiving notification of such
             connections from Customer/developer.  Any estimated annual net revenue per
             lot, from homes added during each review period, in excess of Company's
             standard per lot overhead costs shall be refunded, without interest, to
             Customer/developer up to the total amount of the advance deposit actually
             made by Customer/developer.  Such refunds will be made at semi-annual
             intervals from the date the deposit was received by Company, with any
             amounts remaining unrefunded after five years being retained by Company
             and credited to the Company's appropriate plant account.
 *           a.   Large Lot Subdivisions
                  In addition to meeting the criteria described in this section
                  Overhead Extensions To Residential Subdivisions above, in
                  subdivisions where the average lot size exceeds 100,000 square feet,
                  the Company will assess excess per lot footage charges for the amount
                  that the average frontage footage exceeds 500 feet.  In addition, for
                  developments where the average lot size exceeds 100,000 square feet,
                  the Company will also assess excess footage charges on individual
                  lots for overhead services of more than a single span or underground
                  services of more than 250 feet.  Said charges will be payable in
                  advance of construction and not be subject to refund.
        2.   Multiple Occupancy Dwellings
             Multiple occupancy buildings consist of structures which stand alone,
             enclosed with exterior walls or are segregated from adjoining structures
             by fire walls, and are designed for permanent occupancy as two or more
             single-family residences.  Extensions to subdivisions consisting of
             multiple occupancy dwellings shall be made in accordance with the
             provisions of this section G, applicable to single-family residences,
             utilizing an allowance of 50 feet per dwelling unit for distribution
             facilities beyond the subdivision boundaries, and applying a 0.60
             occupancy factor to the annual net revenue estimated to be received from
             each multiple occupancy dwelling unit.





   *Indicates Change.

Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2022-0337.
DATE OF ISSUE         June 19, 2023             DATE EFFECTIVE         July 9, 2023
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 116
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 116
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                      III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
   H.   OVERHEAD EXTENSIONS TO INDIVIDUAL MOBILE HOMES AND MOBILE HOME PARKS
        1.   Individual - Other Than Mobile Home Parks
             Where a mobile home is permanently located on real property owned or
             leased by the mobile home occupant, utilized as a permanent dwelling unit,
             connected to piped water and sewage facilities, and is in excess of 400
             square feet in size, Company shall extend its electrical distribution
             system to the mobile home service entrance equipment on the same terms and
             conditions indicated in this Section III for extensions to individual
             residential or non-residential Customers, as applicable.  Extensions to
             individual mobile homes not meeting the qualifications specified in this
             paragraph shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Rider D -
             Temporary Service.
        2.   Mobile Home Parks
             Where a mobile home park owner/operator provides a designated lot with
             water utility and sanitary facilities for mobile homes in excess of 400
             square feet in size intended for use as residential dwelling units,
             Company will extend its distribution system to each mobile home lot on the
             same terms and conditions indicated in this Section III for extensions to
             residential subdivisions. The billing for electric consumption at any
             common facilities installed within the mobile home park for the benefit of
             all the mobile home park occupants shall be to the park's owner/operator.
        3.   Recreational Vehicle Parks
             Company will extend its electrical distribution system to a single
             delivery point to provide service to campgrounds and parks which dedicate
             at least 80% of their space for recreational vehicle sites.  Such
             extensions will be made under the same terms and conditions indicated in
             this Section III as applicable to non-residential Customers.





DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 117
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 117
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                      III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
   I.   EXTENSIONS FOR LIGHTING SERVICE
        The Company's lighting tariffs are based upon the required distribution
        facilities being in place and no additional extension required thereof.
        Therefore, the cost of any extension of facilities required for lighting
        service shall be paid by Customer to Company in advance of any construction of
        distribution facilities installed solely to supply electrical service for
        lighting.
   J.   UNDERGROUND EXTENSIONS
        1.   Individual Residential Extensions
             Where an underground extension is requested by an individual residential
             Customer or required by law, Company will estimate the cost of equivalent
             overhead and underground extensions, and Customer will pay a non-
             refundable contribution to Company, in advance of construction, for any
             excess cost of making the underground extension.  The Company's rules for
             overhead extensions to individual residential Customers shall apply to
             Company's estimated underground extension costs.  Customer, at his option,
             may install a direct buried service cable to be owned and maintained by
             Customer, or Company will install, own, operate and maintain the service
             cable in Customer's conduit, installed by Customer in service trench in
             accordance with Company specifications to a delivery point designated by
             Company.  Where Company determines that primary and/or secondary voltage
             facilities are necessary to provide the requested service, the Customer
             will install the conduit system, consisting of conduit, manholes, pulling
             boxes, transformer pads, switchgear pads, pedestal bases and other
             required subsurface structures to a point designated by Company.  All such
             materials will be provided by Company for Customer pick-up at a location
             designated by the Company and included in the cost for underground
             service.  Company will install, own, operate and maintain the cable in
             Customer's conduit system.  Where applicable, the underground extension
             may be provided by Company in accordance with the rules applicable to
             overhead extensions, Section III.F.
        2.   Residential Subdivision Extensions
             Where an underground distribution extension for permanent electric service
             in a residential subdivision is requested to two or more single-family
             residential buildings, multiple occupancy units, or mobile homes, by an
             applicant/developer, or is required by law, applicant shall first satisfy
             the Company's applicable rules for overhead extensions to residential
             subdivisions, Section III.G.  Thereafter, applicant shall contract for and
             satisfy the requirements specified in this section for obtaining an
             underground residential distribution extension.




DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 118
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 118
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                      III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
   J.   UNDERGROUND EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
        2.   Residential Subdivision Extensions (Cont'd.)
             a.   Requirements of Applicant/Developer
                  Applicant will initially provide, at its cost, all trenching and the
                  installation of a complete conduit system as its contribution to the
                  Company's underground distribution system within a residential
                  subdivision.  The conduit system installation by applicant will
                  consist of conduit, manholes, pulling boxes, transformer pads,
                  switchgear pads, pedestal bases and other required subsurface
                  structures.  All such materials will be provided by Company at no
                  cost to applicant, excluding subdivisions covered by the Large Lot
                  Subdivision provisions below.  Applicants for electric service to
                  individual single family homes shall, subsequently, provide and
                  install service trench and service conduit.  All installations will
                  be in accordance with Company's design criteria and specifications,
                  the National Electrical Safety Code and any other applicable codes.
             b.   Requirements of Company
                  The Company's distribution system within the subdivision will consist
                  of all primary and secondary voltage and service cables installed by
                  Company, including street lighting circuitry and the conduit system
                  initially installed and contributed by applicant, except for service
                  lateral conduit.  Street light circuitry and construction
                  temporaries, installed by Company concurrent with other primary and
                  secondary distribution system facilities, shall be provided by
                  Company at no charge to applicant.  Thereafter, except for service
                  lateral conduit, Company shall own, operate and maintain the entire
                  distribution system within the subdivision, including both the
                  portion installed by Company and that installed and contributed by
                  applicant.
             c.   Options of Applicant
                  At the request of applicant, Company will, on a per lot or per
                  dwelling unit basis, estimate its distribution system extension cost
                  within the subdivision and annual net revenue, exclusive of gross
                  receipts taxes, anticipated to be received from such homes or
                  dwelling units connected within the subdivision.





DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 119
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 119
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                      III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
   J.   UNDERGROUND EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
        2.   Residential Subdivision Extensions (Cont'd.)
             d.   Distribution Lines Preserved
                  When Company requires that an overhead or underground distribution
                  line be installed, or an existing overhead line be relocated to
                  underground on the perimeter of the development, or accepts another
                  alternative route thru the subdivision, for engineering and/or
                  operating reasons, applicant shall install Company supplied conduit
                  per Company specifications in accordance with III.J.2, and Company
                  shall be given a reasonable amount of time to construct such
                  underground or overhead facilities before affected lots are sold.
             e.   Right-of-Way and Easements
                  Company shall construct, own, operate and maintain the underground
                  distribution system, within the subdivision, only on or along public
                  streets, roads, alleys and highways which Company has the legal right
                  to occupy, and on or along private property across which rights-of-
                  way and easements satisfactory to Company have been received at no
                  cost to or without condemnation by Company.
                  Right-of-way and easements within the subdivision which are
                  satisfactory to Company, including those which may be required for
                  street lighting, must be furnished by applicant in reasonable time to
                  meet Company's construction and service requirements.  Prior to
                  commencement of construction by Company, such rights-of-way and
                  easements must be cleared of trees, tree stumps, and other
                  obstructions, and graded level, perpendicular to the length of the
                  easement and to within six inches of final grade by applicant,
                  without cost to Company.  If the grade is changed subsequent to
                  construction of the distribution system in such a way as to require
                  relocation or reconstruction of any of the underground facilities,
                  the estimated cost of all such work required shall be paid by
                  applicant or by its successor.
             f.   Joint Utility Construction
                  Company will endeavor to coordinate its construction work with that
                  of applicant and other utilities whenever possible in an effort to
                  keep the overall cost of providing the underground electric
                  distribution system as low as possible.  Company may, to any extent
                  practicable, become a party with applicant and/or other utilities to
                  agreements involving trenching arrangements mutually beneficial to
                  each party and the installation of electric cables in the same trench
                  with the cables and/or pipes of other utilities, care being taken to
                  conform to all applicable codes and utility specifications.



DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 120
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 120
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                      III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
   J.   UNDERGROUND EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
        2.   Residential Subdivision Extensions (Cont'd.)
             g.   Designated Service Delivery Points
                  Feeder lines and service lines shall be installed by Company along
                  the most practical route that will avoid known or anticipated future
                  construction on applicant's property and permit a safe and economical
                  installation.  The normal meter location point to a single family
                  building shall be on the side or front of the house proper, within
                  ten (10) feet of the corner of the house proper, nearest the
                  direction from which the service line enters the property to be
                  served.  In instances where Company and applicant agree that the
                  extension of service to the normal meter location is impractical due
                  to:  a) rock, grade, or other soil limitations; or b) physical
                  circumstances of the home which restrict meter accessibility for
                  reading and testing; or c) physical circumstances of the home
                  requiring meter installation at a height of six (6) feet six (6)
                  inches or greater above final grade on the front of the house proper;
                  or d) service entrance equipment to be installed in a garage, said
                  meter location point shall be at the next nearest location designated
                  by Company which will alleviate said impracticability while
                  minimizing the additional length of service cable required to be
                  installed and avoids areas of the home which may require future
                  relocations of service lines and/or meter equipment.  A meter
                  location on the rear will only be permitted in those instances where
                  the designated side of the house proper is not physically available
                  for a meter attachment.  A service connection at other than the above
                  designated meter location point is not permitted unless specifically
                  approved by Company for engineering or other reasons.  Where
                  practical, the service connection to a multiple occupancy building of
                  two dwelling units shall be a single service line to a two (2) meter
                  location acceptable to Company.  The service connection to a multiple
                  occupancy building of three (3) or more dwelling units shall be a
                  service line or lines to a minimum grouping of meters at locations
                  acceptable to Company.
             h.   Protection of Company Facilities
                  Applicant shall protect the facilities of Company installed on
                  applicant's premises and shall, unless otherwise authorized by the
                  Company, permit no one but Company's employees or its authorized
                  agents to handle same.  In the event of loss or damage to facilities
                  owned by Company arising out of carelessness, negligence, or misuse
                  by applicant or its authorized agent, the cost of such loss of
                  repairing such damages shall be borne by applicant.



DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 121
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 121
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                      III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
   J.   UNDERGROUND EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
        2.   Residential Subdivision Extensions (Cont'd.)
             i.   Access by Company Employees or Agents
                  Applicant shall permit access to the Company's employees, or other
                  authorized agents, for the purpose of inspecting, modifying,
                  maintaining, or operation of Company's facilities, at all times.
             j.   Company Rights and Construction Standards
                  Company shall own, operate and maintain the conduit system initially
                  installed and contributed by applicant, all primary and secondary
                  underground feeder lines, underground service lines installed in
                  Customer owned conduit, and shall have the right to install pad-
                  mounted transformers, above ground cable switching enclosures and
                  service pedestals in the subdivision.
             k.   Street Lighting Facilities
                  Street lighting facilities installed in any subdivision shall be
                  contracted for under the appropriate tariff of Company applicable to
                  said installation.
             l.   Large Lot Subdivisions
                  The above provisions regarding Residential Subdivision Extensions –
                  Requirements of Applicant/Developer is limited to subdivisions having
                  an average lot size of 100,000 square feet or less.  Where average
                  lot size does exceed 100,000 square feet, the Company will assess
                  excess per lot footage charges for the amount that the average
                  frontage footage exceeds 500 feet.  In addition, for developments
                  where the average lot size exceeds 100,000 square feet, the Company
                  will also assess excess footage charges on individual lots for
                  overhead services of more than a single span or underground services
                  of more than 250 feet.  Said charges will be payable in advance of
                  construction and not be subject to refund.

   K.   EXTENSIONS REQUESTED IN ADVANCE OF PERMANENT SERVICE
        Where Customer requests Company to complete all or a portion of an extension in
        advance of when said installation is required to provide permanent electric
        service, and Company agrees to do so, Customer shall pay for such advancement
        of facilities at the monthly rate of 2.0% of the estimated installed cost of
        the extension being advanced.  Such payments shall be non-refundable and shall
        continue until the permanent metering for the premises is installed by Company
        and utilized to provide permanent service thereto.




DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                   2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 122
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                   1st Revised        SHEET NO. 122
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                              GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                      III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
   L.   MODIFICATION OR ENLARGEMENT OF DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM
        Except when Modification Or Enlargement Of System For High Voltage Service
        below, applies, modifications or enlargements of Company's distribution system
        associated with additional electrical load of existing non-residential
        Customers shall be performed at no cost to Customer provided the estimated
        Extension Allowance exceeds the estimated Extension Cost from the proposed
        distribution system modifications or enlargements.  Where the estimated
        Extension Allowance is less than Company's estimated Extension Cost from the
        proposed modification or enlargement costs, an Extension Charge may be required
        prior to the commencement of construction by Company.

        Where modifications or enlargements of Company's distribution system are
        performed at the request of any existing Customer and no additional Marginal
        Revenue is anticipated therefrom, Customer shall pay, in advance, the total
        estimated costs associated with such changes.
   *M.  MODIFICATION OR ENLARGEMENT OF SYSTEM FOR HIGH VOLTAGE SERVICE OR LARGE LOAD
        CUSTOMER SERVICE
        Where Company provides High Voltage Service (see General Rules and Regulations,
        II. Characteristics of Service Supplied), for load expected to be 50 MW or
        larger, the Customer will be responsible for the full amount of the Extension
        Cost for facilities which are dedicated to serving the load of the Customer.
        For purposes of this Section, “Extension Cost” shall have the meaning given it
        in General Rules and Regulations, III. Distribution System Extensions, except
        that there shall be no Extension Allowance and provisions that would otherwise
        cover a portion of the Extension Cost with an Extension Allowance shall not
        apply.

        Where Company provides service to a customer taking service under the Large
        Load Customer Service provisions of Service Classification 11(M), such customer
        shall pay all costs of distribution or transmission facilities, other than any
        transmission facilities classified as network upgrades by the Midcontinent
        Independent System Operator’s Open Access Transmission Tariff, that the Company
        installs to extend service to such a customer.  Such a customer must complete
        payment for the extension or make suitable arrangements for installment
        payments and execute all required agreements associated with the requested
        extensions as a condition for any construction to commence.

        The Company shall not be obligated to proceed to modify or enlarge Company’s
        system or acquire resources or otherwise provide High Voltage Service or
        service under the Large Load Customer Service provisions of Service
        Classification 11(M) until the Customer executes appropriate agreements
        relating to determining system improvements or resource acquisitions needed to
        provide the service, and any other agreements provided for by the Service
        Classification tariff sheets under which the Company shall provide Customer’s
        electric service.

DATE OF ISSUE         August 13, 2024           DATE EFFECTIVE      September 12, 2024
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESS UNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                          MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                   2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 122
           CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                   1st Revised        SHEET NO. 122
 APPLYING TO                             MISSOURI SERVICE AREA


** N.   RELOCATION OF THE DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM
        Company may, at its sole discretion, upon Customer's request, relocate any
        distribution facilities providing service to Customer and/or other parties to a
        right-of-way acceptable to Company, on or off Customer's premises, following
        the payment by Customer of the Company's total estimated cost of said
        relocation.  Additionally, at the Company's discretion, it may relocate any
        distribution facilities based upon safety, reliability, or operational needs at
        the cost of the Company.
        In the presence of physical conflicts associated with any new construction or
        enlargement of Customer's premises or electrical load, Company may, at its sole
        discretion, upon Customer's request, relocate any distribution facilities to a

  *Indicates Addition. **Indicates Reissue.





 DATE OF ISSUE         August 13, 2024           DATE EFFECTIVE      September 12, 2024
 ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
                NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESS UNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                          MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                   3rd Revised        SHEET NO. 123
           CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                   2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 123
 APPLYING TO                             MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                               GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                       III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
*  N.   RELOCATION OF THE DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (Cont'd.)
        right-of-way acceptable to Company on or off Customer's premises, following the
        payment by Customer of the Company's estimated net cost of relocating its
        distribution facilities.  The net cost of relocation referred to herein
        excludes any costs estimated by Company to be associated with the supply of any
        additional electrical requirements of Customer, absent the relocation of any
        distribution facilities.

        When Company agrees to relocate existing overhead facilities with an
        underground installation, the Customer will be responsible for all costs
        associated with the undergrounding of facilities including spare conduits,
        manholes, and other structures or equipment required to replace the to-be-
        vacated overhead right-of-way considering present and future needs as
        determined by Company.
*  O.   SPECIAL FACILITIES
        1.   General
             Where Customer requests and Company agrees to install distribution
             facilities not normally contemplated for installation, or otherwise
             provided for, under Company's standard rate schedules, Company may at its
             option provide such facilities under the provisions of this section.
             Examples of facilities which fall into this category of "special" include,
             but are not limited to, duplicate or additional service facilities, excess
             transformer capacity or other distribution facilities, and facilities
             necessitated by special legal or engineering requirements.
        2.   Payments by Customer
             Where Company agrees to supply distribution facilities under the
             provisions of Special Facilities in lieu of other alternatives available
             to Customer, Customer shall pay to Company a one-time contribution equal
             to the total additional costs incurred by Company in supplying such
             facilities.  Customer shall also pay to Company an additional one-time
             contribution equal to ninety percent of such total additional costs for
             the present value of the Company's projected operations, maintenance and
             subsequent replacement cost of such facilities, which shall be
             continuously owned and maintained by Company.  All charges payable to
             Company shall be non-refundable and due in advance of construction.  Such
             payments by Customer shall be in addition to any payments required for
             electric facilities provided under the Company's standard line extension
             rules or other tariff charges.



   *Indicates Reissue.

 DATE OF ISSUE         August 13, 2024           DATE EFFECTIVE      September 12, 2024
 ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
                NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESS UNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                          MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                   2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 124
           CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                   1st Revised        SHEET NO. 124
 APPLYING TO                             MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                               GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
                       III. DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM EXTENSIONS (Cont'd.)
*  O.   SPECIAL FACILITIES (Cont'd.)
        3.   Supply and Billing Standards
             Company will designate the point of delivery of electric service relative
             to the installation of any additional facilities provided to Customer
             hereunder and the service supplied through such facilities installed on
             and after May 5, 1990 will not be cumulated or otherwise combined, for
             billing purposes, with any other service supplied to Customer.  When total
             or partial replacement of any special facility installation is required,
             such revision will be made by Company at no cost to Customer.  Any
             enlargement of such previously installed facilities requested by Customer
             shall be made in accordance with Company's standard line extension rules.
             Following any such replacement, or enlargement, all separately installed
             special facility connections shall be billed as provided herein without
             application of monthly special facility charges, and maintained by Company
             in the same manner as Company's standard line extension facilities serving
             other Customers.
        4.   Installations Prior to July 23, 1992
             Customers utilizing special facilities installed prior July 23, 1992 shall
             continue to pay the present charges and form of billing applicable to all
             special facilities connections until any total or partial replacement or
             enlargement of such facility is required.  Thereafter, such revisions will
             be made by Company and the subsequent metering and billing of all services
             provided over such newly installed facilities standardized, as provided in
             paragraph 3 of this section, Supply and Billing Standards.
   P.     PLANNING REQUIRED FOR LOADS GREATER THAN 25MW

       1. Customers, or prospective Customers seeking service for loads expected to be
          greater than 25 megawatts(MW) shall be subject to an initial evaluation and
          study by the Company prior to receiving service. Such Customers shall notify
          the Company, in advance, concerning the expected load, project location, and
          project schedule. The Company will respond with an initial evaluation
          detailing its conditions of service.

       2. Customers choosing to move forward and seek service for a project shall
          complete and comply with terms set forth in a Letter of Agreement and submit
          a refundable deposit of $200,000 that will be used to offset costs associated
          with project planning. Should costs exceed this deposit an additional
          refundable deposit of $200,000 shall be required. Additional refundable
          deposits will be required such that the Customer pays all project planning
          costs associated with their project. Initial deposit funds not used during
          planning shall be refunded to the customer without interest. These Customers
          shall be placed in a queue based on the date on which they provided the
          required information and deposit.


 DATE OF ISSUE         August 13, 2024           DATE EFFECTIVE      September 12, 2024
 ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
                NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                   2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 124
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                   1st Revised        SHEET NO. 124
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                a. Service related to projects the Company designates as serving the
                   community interest may be given priority in the queue and may not
                   be required to submit a deposit. Community interest projects are
                   those that are part of a competitive search in which the Company is
                   competing against at least one other location for the project, the
                   Customer reasonably demonstrates that the project will employ at
                   least 250 permanent, full-time employees, and the Missouri
                   Department of Economic Development or the Company if the Company
                   obtains accreditation as an economic development organization,
                   certifies that the absence of a deposit and expedited timing are
                   critical to the state winning the project.

                b. The Company shall have sole discretion on the deposit applicability
                   and managing projects in the queue.

      3. The Company will work on advanced study and scoping for up to four (4)
         projects at a time. Customers with projects being studied shall be notified
         of the study results and plans to receive service. Once an initial project
         agreement is complete, the Company will send necessary details to the
         Midcontinent Indpendent System Operator (“MISO”) for its review. Completed
         plans shall be valid for six months.

      4. Customers choosing to receive service according to these plans shall complete
         the required agreements to facilitate construction and all required service
         agreements to receive service. The Large Load Customer Service provisions of
         Service Classification 11(M) and associated service agreement contain
         additional requirements for qualifying projects that must be met to receive
         service. Customers failing to complete these agreements within the timeframe
         allowed may be returned to the queue.

         5. Additional details regarding the queue process and submission shall be
         posted to and updated from time to time on the Company’s website.





   *Indicates Reissue.




DATE OF ISSUE         August 13, 2024           DATE EFFECTIVE      September 12, 2024
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 125
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 125
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA





                            THIS SHEET RESERVED FOR FUTURE USE





DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 126
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 126
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA





                            THIS SHEET RESERVED FOR FUTURE USE





DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                       1st Revised           SHEET NO. 127
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original           SHEET NO. 127
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA





                            THIS SHEET RESERVED FOR FUTURE USE





DATE OF ISSUE         March 1, 2019             DATE EFFECTIVE        April 1, 2019
ISSUED BY     Michael Moehn            President              St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                 4th Revised         SHEET NO.  75
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                 3rd Revised         SHEET NO.  75
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

                                         RIDER B
                  DISCOUNTS APPLICABLE FOR SERVICE TO SUBSTATIONS OWNED
                         BY CUSTOMER IN LIEU OF COMPANY OWNERSHIP

         Where a customer served under rate schedules 4(M) or the non-Large Load
         Customer Service provisions of 11 (M) takes delivery of power and energy at a
         delivery voltage of 34kV or higher, Company will allow discounts from its
         applicable rate schedule as follows:

         *1.    A monthly credit of $1.24/kW of billing demand for customers taking
                service at 34.5 or 69kV.

         *2.    A monthly credit of $1.47/kW of billing demand for customers taking
                service at 115kV or higher.





Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2021-0240.
DATE OF ISSUE       February 14, 2022           DATE EFFECTIVE       February 28, 2022
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                 4th Revised         SHEET NO.  75
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                 3rd Revised         SHEET NO.  75
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

   *Indicates Change.





Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2021-0240.
DATE OF ISSUE       February 14, 2022           DATE EFFECTIVE       February 28, 2022
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  3rd Revised        SHEET NO.  74
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised        SHEET NO.  74
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *                                      RIDER CCAP
                            CLEAN CAPACITY ADVANCEMENT PROGRAM
   PURPOSE/AVAILABILITY
   The purpose of the Clean Capacity Advancement Program ("CCAP" or "Program") is to
   provide customers taking service under Service Classification 11(M) a capacity
   product that enables storage of clean energy.
   DEFINITIONS
   CCAP Agreement: An agreement between the Company and the eligible customer, setting
   forth the specific terms of such customer's participation in the Program, including
   the participating account.
   Large Load Customer Electric Service Agreement (“ESA”): As defined in the Large Load
   Customer Service provisions of Service Classification No. (11M).
   ESS Support Charge: The ESS Support Charge shall be calculated monthly as a
   participating customer's monthly ESS Support Level multiplied by the ESS Support
   Rate as specified in the CCAP Agreement.
   Energy Storage Systems ("ESS"): An asset that stores electrical energy and then
   releases electrical energy onto the electric grid providing increased reliability
   and other energy and capacity services.
   ESS Support Level (kW): Subject to the terms of applicable CCAP Agreement, the ESS
   Support Level is calculated as the summation of the total nameplate capacity for any
   Program Resources supported by the participating customer in question or portion
   thereof. To the extent that Program Resource capacity supported by a given customer
   is comprised of multiple resources that begin commercial operation at different
   times, the participating customer's ESS Support Level will be updated as appropriate
   to reflect the total nameplate capacity supported by the customer that are
   commercially operational at any point in time. The CCAP Agreement will reflect the
   ESS Support Level along with projected annual in-service dates for Program Resources
   from which capacity will be supported by the customer as specified in the CCAP
   Agreement.
   ESS Support Rate ($/kW-mo): Participating customers shall pay a dollar per kilowatt-
   month ($/kW-mo.) rate as specified in the applicable CCAP Agreement. The rate shall
   be applied to the participant's ESS Support Level.
   Large Load Customers: Customers to which the Large Load Customer Service provisions
   of Service Classification No. 11(M)apply.
   Program Resources:  Any new Company-owned commercially operational ESS supported in
   whole or in part by a participating customer under the Program for a term outlined
   in the customer's CCAP Agreement.



   *Indicates Addition.




DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 74.1
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 74.1
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *                                      RIDER CCAP
                       CLEAN CAPACITY ADVANCEMENT PROGRAM (Cont'd.)
   MONTHLY BILL
   All applicable charges provided for under, and other applicable terms and conditions
   of, Service Classification No. 11(M), and any ESA under which a Large Load Customer
   takes service, shall continue to apply and will continue to be based on actual
   metered energy use during the customer’s normal billing cycle.
   Customers that participate in the Program will see an additional charge, the ESS
   Support Charge, added to their bill for the in-service capacity being supported as
   specified in the CCAP Agreement.
   Charges resulting from this Rider CCAP shall not be eligible for any economic
   development discount(s) that could otherwise apply to Company's Service
   Classification No. 11(M) customers.
   All charges arising from Program participation are subject to any applicable
   license, franchise, gross receipts, occupation, or similar charge or tax levied by
   any taxing authority with appropriate jurisdiction.
   OTHER PROGRAM PROVISIONS AND TERMS
   1. A customer’s participation in the CCAP is specific to the accounts specified in
      the applicable CCAP Agreement. A customer’s participation in the CCAP is specific
      to the Program Resources specified in the applicable CCAP Agreement. Allocation
      of customer's CCAP participation across enrolled accounts will be determined by
      Company and the customer as specified in the applicable CCAP Agreement.

   2. With respect to Large Load Customers, if at the time the CCAP Agreement is signed
      a Large Load Customer does not have an account number established for an account
      reasonably expected by Company to exist at some point over the Term or Extension
      Term of an ESA, Company may input a placeholder on the CCAP Agreement which will
      be updated after said account number is established.
   3. If, prior to the end of the term of participation, a participating customer
      premises that constitutes a separate account is relocated to another location
      within the Company's service territory, the customer's participation shall
      continue at the customer's same ESS Support Level at the new account established
      at the new location.
   4. Failure by a participating customer to pay its bill when due, including that part
      of the bill reflecting charges for participation in the CCAP, shall constitute a
      failure to pay a bill due for services in accordance with the Company’s General
      Rules and Regulations.
   5. A customer’s participation in the CCAP is not a security and does not represent
      an ownership interest in any of the Program Resources.
   6. Any customer participating in the CCAP or who formerly participated in the CCAP
      waives all rights to any billing adjustments or other relief arising from a claim
      that the Large Load Customer's service would be or would have been at a lower
      cost had the Customer not participated in the CCAP.


DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 74.1
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 74.1
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *Indicates Addition.





DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 74.2
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 74.2
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *                                      RIDER CCAP
                       CLEAN CAPACITY ADVANCEMENT PROGRAM (Cont'd.)
   OTHER PROGRAM PROVISIONS AND TERMS (Cont'd.)
   7. Upon the occurrence of any act or event not within the reasonable control of
      Company (e.g., force majeure event or change in law) that affects capacity
      supported by the participating customer from a Program Resource, Company shall be
      excused from performance under the Program and CCAP Agreement to the extent such
      performance is delayed or prevented by such act or event, and shall resume normal
      performance within the shortest time reasonably practicable.  In the event that
      such a Program Resource is damaged, or production and/or transmittal of energy
      produced therefrom is prevented from normal operations for more than six (6)
      months, Company may remove such affected Program Resource from the Program by
      giving notice of the removal to affected customers.  In such event, such ESS
      Support Levels shall be reduced to the degree necessary to account for the
      available Program Resource capacity, subject, however, to the Company’s right to
      add additional Program Resource capacity to increase customers’ ESS Support Level
      up to the customer’s ESS Support Level prior to such reduction as additional
      Program Resource capacity becomes available.  The term of a customer’s
      participation is unaffected by a force majeure event or a change in the ESS
      Support Level.
   8. The term and termination and financial security provisions of a customer's
      subscription under this Rider shall be governed by the customer's CCAP
      Agreement and, if applicable for a Large Load Customer, the ESA.
   GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
   In addition to the above specific rules and regulations, all of Company's General
   Rules and Regulations shall apply to service supplied under this Program, except as
   specifically modified herein.
   NEW RESOURCES
   If a participating customer’s CCAP Agreement provides for support of Program Resource
   capacity that is not yet in commercial operation as of the date the CCAP Agreement is
   executed by the customer and if such Program Resource capacity does not achieve
   commercial operation by the date specified in the CCAP Agreement, the Company shall
   use commercially reasonable efforts, subject to any required approvals from the
   Commission, to make alternative Program Resource capacity available for support by
   the affected customer.
   CLEAN PRODUCTION DATA
   A participating customer may request hourly output data from the Company
   specific to the Program Resource capacity being supported by the customer.




 *Indicates Addition.



DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 74.3
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 74.3
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA





 *                                RESERVED FOR FUTURE USE





  *Indicates Change.

Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2022-0337.
DATE OF ISSUE         June 19, 2023              DATE EFFECTIVE         July 9, 2023
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 74.4
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 74.4
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *                                       RIDER CEC
                               CLEAN ENERGY CHOICE PROGRAM
   PURPOSE/AVAILABILITY
   The Clean Energy Choice Rider (the "Program") provides Service Classification 11(M)
   with a means to influence the Company’s generation resource portfolio. Within the
   Company’s Integrated Resource Planning Process(“IRP”), the eligible customer may
   request one or more Clean Energy Resources be deployed in place of or in addition to
   one or more resources selected in the Company’s Preferred Resource Portfolio. If the
   Company determines that it should include customer’s requested generation as part of
   a Clean Energy Preferred Resource Plan, the Requesting Customer shall cover costs
   associated with its specific request for clean resources. The specific terms of the
   Requesting Customer's obligation must be reflected in a mutually agreed upon Clean
   Energy Choice Agreement and will be subject to Commission approval as outlined
   below.
   DEFINITIONS
   For purposes of this Program, the following definitions apply:
   Clean Energy Resource: A resource that does not contribute any net carbon emissions
   to the atmosphere, which shall include but not be limited to distributed energy
   resources such as demand side management, energy efficiency, and battery storage.
   Clean Energy Preferred Resource Plan: A separate resource plan that would call for
   the addition of one or more generation resources pursuant to a Requesting Customer’s
   request. The Company retains all discretion in preparing the Clean Energy Preferred
   Resource Plan to ensure the Clean Energy Preferred Resource Plan meets the Company’s
   requirements to provide safe and reliable service. The execution of the Clean Energy
   Preferred Resource Plan shall be subject to approval by the Commission, including
   approval by the Commission of the Requesting Customer’s funding obligations for the
   subject Clean Energy Resource, and obtaining all appropriate regulatory approvals,
   and in a manner deemed satisfactory to the Company in its sole discretion.
   .
   Integrated Resource Planning Process: The Company’s integrated process to consider and
   analyze demand-side resources, supply-side resources, and renewable energy resources
   on an equivalent basis, subject to compliance with all legal mandates that may
   affect the selection of Company electric energy and capacity resources, governed by
   the Commission’s Resource Planning rules and applicable statutes.
   Large Load Customers: Customers to which the Large Load Customer Service provisions
   of Service Classification No. 11(M)apply.
   Preferred Resource Plan: This refers to the resource plan selected by the Company as
   its Preferred Resource Plan as part of its IRP.

  *Indicates Addition.





DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 74.5
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 74.5
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *                                       RIDER CEC
   CLEAN ENERGY CHOICE PROGRAM (Cont'd.)
   DEFINITIONS (Cont'd.)
   Requesting Customer: An eligible customer who requests that one or more clean energy
   resources be deployed in place of or in addition to the generation resources
   selected in the Company’s Preferred Resource Plan. There may be multiple Requesting
   Customers who support the same Clean Energy Preferred Resource Plan.
   CLEAN ENERGY ATTRIBUTES
   If applicable, the Requesting Customer shall receive the clean energy attributes
   associated with the Clean Energy Resources as contemplated by the Customer's Clean Energy
   Choice Agreement. The Company shall retire the clean energy attributes to which the
   Requesting Customer is entitled on their behalf, up to an amount equal to the
   Requesting Customer’s annual energy usage. Any excess clean energy attributes beyond
   those retired on behalf of customer, will be transferred to Customer. Alternatively,
   Ameren Missouri may assign or transfer to Customer all rights necessary for Customer
   to register, hold, and manage the clean energy attributes in Customer’s account, in
   which case Ameren Missouri will provide documentation required by the Registry to
   verify the transfer of the clean energy attributes associated with generation of the
   clean energy resource.  If the Clean Energy Preferred Resource Plan includes more
   than one Requesting Customer, the clean energy attributes to which they are
   collectively entitled will be allocated to the Requesting Customers on the
   equivalent basis as the cost differential, as applicable and as determined by
   Company and addressed in the Customer's Clean Energy Choice Agreement.
   CLEAN RESOURCE PRODUCTION DATA
   A Requesting Customer may request hourly output data, if applicable, from the
   Company specific to the Clean Energy Resource(s) included in an adopted and executed
   Clean Energy Preferred Resource Plan.
   GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
   In addition to the above specific rules and regulations, all of Company's General
   Rules and Regulations shall apply to service supplied under this Program, unless
   specifically modified herein.





   *Indicates Addition.



DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 74.6
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original         SHEET NO. 74.6
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA





 *                                RESERVED FOR FUTURE USE





   *Indicates Change.

Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2022-0337.
DATE OF ISSUE         June 19, 2023              DATE EFFECTIVE         July 9, 2023
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 74.7
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 74.7
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *                                       RIDER NEC
                              NUCLEAR ENERGY CREDIT PROGRAM
   PURPOSE/AVAILABILITY
   The purpose of the Nuclear Energy Credit Rider program (“Program”) is to allow
   Service Classification 11(M) Customers that have elected to participate in the
   Program to subscribe to receive NECs that are associated with Company-owned nuclear
   energy resources in amounts not to exceed the customer’s Annual Usage. The Company
   shall track NECs assigned to each customer annually until (if applicable) a registry
   for NECs that is similar to a Renewable Energy Credit registry such as the North
   American Renewable Registry is used based on initial Midcontinent Independent System
   Operator (“MISO”) settlements of Company-owned or sourced nuclear resources, as the
   initial settlement values may be adjusted as part of MISO’s resettlement process.
   Under the Program, a customer may agree to receive NECs for an agreed upon term as
   specified in the customer’s NEC Agreement.
   DEFINITIONS
   For purposes of this Program, the following definitions apply:
   Customer's Annual Usage: Customer’s actual metered energy usage over the twelve (12)
   most recent monthly billing periods for which data is available, or, if deemed more
   appropriate by the Company, Customer’s expected metered energy usage over twelve
   (12) monthly billing periods as determined by the Company. Customer's Annual Usage
   shall be established at the time the NEC Agreement is executed by Customer and
   Company. In the case where the participant is a Large Load Customer, Customer’s
   Annual Usage may vary by year depending on the Large Load Customer’s Ramp Period
   usage.
   Large Load Customer Service Agreement (“ESA”): As defined in the Large Load Customer
   Service provisions of Service Classification No. (11M).
   Large Load Customer: Customers to which the Large Load Customer Service provisions
   of Service Classification No. 11(M)apply.
   NEC Agreement: A written contract executed by the Company and a customer setting
   forth the specific terms of the customer’s subscription under this Program including
   the accounts covered by the subscription. The NEC Agreement shall reflect the
   quantity of NECs to which the customer is subscribing, subject to the terms and
   conditions set forth in this tariff and the NEC Agreement.
   Nuclear Energy: Electricity that is generated using Company-owned nuclear energy
   resources.
   Nuclear Energy Credits (“NECs”): Attributes from one megawatt-hour (MWh) of
   electricity generated from a Company-owned nuclear energy resource.
   Nuclear Energy Credit Charge (“NEC Charge”): The NEC Charge shall be calculated
   monthly as a customer’s monthly quantity of NECs multiplied by the NEC Rate as
   specified in the NEC Agreement.
   Nuclear Energy Credit Rate (“NEC Rate”): A dollar per megawatt hour ($/MWh) rate
   applicable to a customer’s monthly quantity of NECs as specified in the NEC
   Agreement.


DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 74.7
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 74.7
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

   Ramp Period: As specified in a Large Load Customer's ESA.

   *Indicates Addition.





DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 74.8
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 74.8
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *                                       RIDER NEC
                         NUCLEAR ENERGY CREDIT PROGRAM (Cont'd.)
   MONTHLY BILL
   All charges provided for under, and other terms and conditions of, the applicable
   provisions of Service Classification No. 11(M), and any applicable ESA under which a
   Large Load Customer takes service, shall continue to apply and will continue to be
   based on actual metered energy use during the Customer’s normal billing cycle.
   All charges arising from Program participation are subject to any applicable
   license, franchise, gross receipts, occupation, or similar charge or tax levied by
   any taxing authority with appropriate jurisdiction.
   Charges resulting from this Rider NEC shall not be eligible for any economic
   development discount(s) that could otherwise apply to Company's Service
   Classification No. 11(M) customers.
   Customers that participate in the Program will see an additional charge added to
   their bill for the NECs, the NEC Charge.
   OTHER PROGRAM PROVISIONS AND TERMS
   1. A Customer’s participation in the NEC is specific to the accounts specified in
      the applicable NEC Agreement. An Allocation of Customer's NEC participation
      across enrolled accounts will be determined by Company and the Large Load
      Customer as specified in the applicable NEC Agreement.
   2. In the case of a Large Load Customer, if at the time the NEC Agreement is signed
      a Large Load Customer does not have account number established for an account
      reasonably expected by Company to exist at some point over the Term of the ESA,
      Company may input a placeholder on the NEC Agreement which will be updated after
      said account number is established.
   3. If, prior to the end of the term of a given subscription, a customer premises
      that constitutes a separate account is relocated to another location within the
      Company's service territory, the customer's subscription shall continue to be
      enrolled in the Program at the customer's same NEC quantity at the new account
      established at the new location.
   4. Failure by a Customer to pay its bill when due, including the NEC Charge, shall
      constitute a failure to pay a bill due for services in accordance with the
      Company’s General Rules and Regulations.
   5. Any customer subscribing to NECs or that formerly subscribed to NECs waives all
      rights to any billing adjustments or other relief arising from a claim that the
      customer's service would be or would have been at a lower cost had the customer
      not participated in the Program.



  *Indicates Addition.




DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised        SHEET NO. 74.9
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised        SHEET NO. 74.9
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *                                       RIDER NEC
                         NUCLEAR ENERGY CREDIT PROGRAM (Cont'd.)
   OTHER PROGRAM PROVISIONS AND TERMS (Cont'd.)
   6. If the Nuclear Energy generated by Company-owned nuclear generation is not
      sufficient to meet the sum of all customers’ annual NEC subscriptions during a
      calendar year, the Company shall refund each subscribing customer an amount equal
      to the applicable NEC Rate multiplied by the difference between the number of
      NEC’s subscribed to by the customer and the customer’s pro rata annual share of
      the NECs that were produced in that calendar year.
   7. A customer’s subscription under this Program is not a security and does not
      represent an ownership interest in any Company-owned generation.
   8.     The term and termination and financial security provisions of a Customer's
         subscription under this Rider shall be governed by the Customer's NEC
         Agreement, and, if applicable for a Large Load Customer, the ESA.
   GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
   Service hereunder is subject to the Company’s General Terms and Conditions as
   approved by the Missouri Public Service Commission and any modification subsequently
   approved.
   REPORTING
   The Company shall calculate and provide the subscribing customer with its total
   annual NECs consistent with the customer’s subscription, which shall occur in the
   first quarter of the year following the prior annual year subscription (e.g. in
   first quarter of 2026 for a 2025 annual subscription).





   *Indicates Addition.




DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised       SHEET NO. 74.10
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                    Original        SHEET NO. 74.10
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA





 *                                RESERVED FOR FUTURE USE





  *Indicates Change.

Issued pursuant to the Order of the Mo.P.S.C. in Case No. ER-2022-0337
DATE OF ISSUE         June 19, 2023              DATE EFFECTIVE         July 9, 2023
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised       SHEET NO. 74.11
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised       SHEET NO. 74.11
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *                                     RIDER RSP LLC
                        RENEWABLE SOLUTIONS PROGRAM – LARGE LOAD CUSTOMERS
   PURPOSE/AVAILABILITY
   The purpose of the Renewable Solutions Program – Large Load Customers("RSP LLC" or
   “Program”) is to allow Large Load Customers that have elected to participate in the
   Program pursuant to the Large Load Customer’s ESA, to subscribe to receive renewable
   energy service (“RE Service”) from existing or new renewable wind and/or solar
   generation resource capacity available to the Large Load Customer under the Program.
   DEFINITIONS
   Commercial Pricing Node: The point where any transmission-interconnected renewable
   energy from a Program Resource will be injected into the wholesale energy market.
   Large Load Customer Service Agreement (“ESA”): As defined in the Large Load Customer
   Service provisions of Service Classification No. (11M).
   Large Load Customer: Customers to which the Large Load Customer Service provisions
   of Service Classification No. 11(M)apply.
   Large Load Customer's Annual Usage:  Large Load Customer’s actual metered energy
   usage over the twelve (12) most recent monthly billing periods for which data is
   available, or, if deemed more appropriate by the Company, Large Load Customer’s
   expected metered energy usage over twelve (12) monthly billing periods as determined
   by Company. A Large Load Customer's Annual Usage shall be established at the time
   the RSP LLC Agreement is executed by the Large Load Customer and Company. A Large
   Load Customer’s Annual Usage may vary by year depending on the Large Load Customer’s
   Ramp Period usage.
   Metered RE Production:  This is the total energy production of the Program Resources
   or portion thereof available to the Large Load Customer under the applicable
   Renewable Solutions Program – LLC Agreement (“RSP LLC Agreement”) at a point in
   time, as measured at the Commercial Pricing Node(s) where the power is injected into
   the wholesale energy market or by dedicated generation meters at the point of
   interconnection with the distribution system where resource output offsets power
   that would have otherwise been procured in the wholesale energy market.  This value
   is expressed as the metered production of energy (measured in kilowatt-hours
   (“kWh”)).  Each Program Resource shall be separately metered.
   Program Resources:  Any new Company-owned commercially operational wind or solar
   generation resources available in whole or in part to a Large Load Customer
   participating in the Program. Once commercially operational, new renewable
   generation facilities or a portion thereof will be available to provide service to
   the Large Load Customer in question for a term outlined in the Large Load Customer's
   RSP LLC Agreement.
   Ramp Period:  As specified in the Large Load Customer's ESA.





DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  2nd Revised       SHEET NO. 74.11
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised       SHEET NO. 74.11
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

  *Indicates Addition.





DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised       SHEET NO. 74.12
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                  1st Revised       SHEET NO. 74.12
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *                                     RIDER RSP LLC
                   RENEWABLE SOLUTIONS PROGRAM – LARGE LOAD CUSTOMERS (Cont'd.)
   DEFINITIONS (Cont'd.)
   Renewable Benefits Credit:  A credit applied to the monthly bill of a participating
   Large Load Customer. The Renewable Benefits Credit for a given Large Load Customer
   will be calculated as the Metered RE Production of the Program Resource capacity to
   which the Large Load Customer has subscribed for the most recent calendar month for
   which production data is available at the time the Large Load Customer's monthly
   bill is rendered multiplied by the applicable Renewable Benefits Rate. To the extent
   that the production data used to calculate this credit is dependent on market
   settlement data from a Regional Transmission Organization (RTO), the initial credit
   shall be based on the settlement data available as of the time the initial credit is
   given. Any subsequent settlement data that the RTO publishes for the month covered
   by the bill when the initial credit was given that results in a different amount of
   production will be reflected in an adjustment to the previously applied credit on
   subsequent billing statements of the subscriber.
   Renewable Benefits Rate: A $/kWh rate applicable to the Metered RE Production from
   the Large Load Customer’s portion of Program Resource capacity to which the Large
   Load Customer has subscribed. Over the term of the applicable RSP LLC Agreement,
   there will be a specified Renewable Benefits Rate for each year of the term
   applicable to all Program Resource capacity subscribed to by the Large Load Customer
   in question.
   Renewable Resource Charge: A charge applied to the monthly bill of the participating
   Large Load Customer. The Renewable Resource Charge will be calculated as the Large
   Load Customer's RE Service Level multiplied by the Renewable Resource Rate, provided
   that if Company is unable to meet a subscriber’s RE Service Level as a result of the
   occurrence of an act or event described in item 7 of the Other Program Provisions
   and Terms of this Rider RSP LLC, the RE Service Level shall be reduced to the level
   Company can supply during the period Company’s performance is reduced or delayed.
   Renewable Resource Rate: A $/kW rate applicable to subscribers. Over the term of the
   applicable RSP LLC Agreement, there will be a specified Renewable Resource Rate for
   each year and for each technology (i.e., for each of wind and solar) for the term
   applicable to all Program Resource capacity subscribed to by the Large Load Customer
   in question.
   RE Service Level (kW):  The RE Service Level is determined as provided for in the
   applicable RSP LLC Agreement. Subject to the terms of the Large Load Customer's RSP
   LLC Agreement, the RE Service Level is calculated as the summation of the total
   nameplate capacity of Program Resources subscribed to by the Large Load Customer in
   question or portion thereof available to the Large Load Customer under the
   applicable RSP LLC Agreement. To the extent that the Program Resource capacity
   subscribed to by a given Large Load Customer is comprised of multiple resources that
   begin commercial operation at different times, the Large Load Customer's RE Service
   Level will be updated as appropriate to reflect the total nameplate capacity
   subscribed to by the Large Load Customer in question that are generating renewable
   power at any point in time.
  *Indicates Addition.


DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                 11th Revised       SHEET NO. 74.13
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                 10th Revised       SHEET NO. 74.13
APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *                                     RIDER RSP LLC
                   RENEWABLE SOLUTIONS PROGRAM – LARGE LOAD CUSTOMERS (Cont'd.)
   DEFINITIONS (Cont'd.)
   RSP LLC Agreement:  A written contract executed by the Large Load Customer and
   Company setting forth the specific terms of such customer's subscription under the
   Program, including the accounts covered by the subscription.
   SUBSCRIPTION
   An eligible Large Load Customer may subscribe to RE Service associated with Program
   Resource capacity, where the projected energy production from which is less than or
   equal to 100% of the Large Load Customer’s Annual Usage, subject to the availability
   of Program Resource capacity and to the terms of the Large Load Customer's RSP LLC
   Agreement.  The RSP LLC Agreement will reflect the Large Load Customer’s RE Service
   Level along with projected annual in-service dates for Program Resources from which
   capacity will be subscribed by the Large Load Customer as specified in the RSP LLC
   Agreement.
   MONTHLY BILL
   All charges provided for under, and other terms and conditions of, the Large Load
   Customer Service provisions of Service Classification No. 11(M), and the ESA under
   which the Large Load Customer takes service, shall continue to apply and will
   continue to be based on actual metered energy use during the Large Load Customer’s
   normal billing cycle.
   Large Load Customers that participate in the Program will see additional charge(s)
   and credit(s) (i.e., the Renewable Resource Charge(s) and the Renewable Benefits
   Credit(s)) added to their bill for in-service capacity subscribed to by them
   associated with the most recent calendar month as of the time the bill is produced.
   Renewable Resource Charge(s) and Renewable Benefits Credit(s) reflect the Large Load
   Customer’s procurement of renewable energy from the Company in an amount equal to
   the Large Load Customer’s RE Service Level.
   Charges resulting from this Rider RSP-LLC shall not be eligible for any economic
   development discount(s) that could otherwise apply to Company's Service
   Classification No. 11(M) customers.
   All charges and credits arising from RE Service under the Program are subject to any
   applicable license, franchise, gross receipts, occupation, or similar charge or tax
   levied by any taxing authority with appropriate jurisdiction.





   *Indicates Addition.




DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                   Original         SHEET NO. 74.14
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.                                                SHEET NO.

APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *                                     RIDER RSP LLC
                   RENEWABLE SOLUTIONS PROGRAM – LARGE LOAD CUSTOMERS (Cont'd.)
   OTHER PROGRAM PROVISIONS AND TERMS
   1. The Renewable Energy Credits ("RECs") associated with the generation output of
      Program Resource capacity shall be retired on behalf of the subscribing Large
      Load Customers.  Alternatively, Ameren Missouri may assign or transfer to
      Customer all rights necessary for Customer to register, hold, and manage the
      clean energy attributes in Customer’s account, in which case Ameren Missouri will
      provide documentation required by the Registry to verify the transfer of the
      clean energy attributes associated with generation of the clean energy resource.
   2. A Large Load Customer’s subscription for RE Service is specific to the accounts
      specified in the applicable RSP LLC Agreement. If at the time the RSP LLC
      Agreement is signed, a Large Load Customer does not have an account number
      established for an account reasonably expected by Company to exist at some point
      over the Term of the ESA, Company may input a placeholder on the RSP LLC
      Agreement which will be updated after said account number is established. A Large
      Load Customer’s subscription for RE Service is specific to the capacity available
      to the Large Load Customer in its RSP LLC Agreement. Allocation of a Large Load
      Customer's RE Service across enrolled Large Load Customer's accounts will be
      proportional to a Large Load Customer's Annual Usage for each account as
      determined by Company.
   3. If, prior to the end of the term of a given subscription, a Large Load Customer’s
      premises that constitutes a separate account is relocated to another location
      within the Company's service territory, the Large Load Customer's subscription
      shall continue to be enrolled in the Program at the Large Load Customer's same RE
      Service Level at the new account established at the new location.
   4. Failure by a Large Load Customer to pay its bill when due, including that part of
      the bill reflecting charges for RE Service, shall constitute a failure to pay a
      bill due for services in accordance with the Company’s General Rules and
      Regulations.
   5. Any Large Load Customer receiving RE Service or who formerly received RE Service
      waives all rights to any billing adjustments or other relief arising from a claim
      that the Large Load Customer's service would be or would have been at a lower
      cost had the Large Load Customer not participated in the Program.
   6. A Large Load Customer’s RE Service subscription is not a security and does
      not represent an ownership interest in any of the Program Resources





   *Indicates Addition.



DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESSUNION ELECTRIC COMPANY       ELECTRIC SERVICE               EXHIBIT B
                         MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.  6                   Original         SHEET NO. 74.15
          CANCELLING MO.P.S.C. SCHEDULE NO.                                                SHEET NO.

APPLYING TO                            MISSOURI SERVICE AREA

 *                                     RIDER RSP LLC
                   RENEWABLE SOLUTIONS PROGRAM – LARGE LOAD CUSTOMERS (Cont'd.)
   OTHER PROGRAM PROVISIONS AND TERMS (Cont'd.)
   7. Upon the occurrence of any act or event not within the reasonable control
      of Company (e.g., force majeure event or change in law) that affects
      capacity subscribed to by the Large Load Customer from a Program Resource,
      Company shall be excused from performance under the Program and RSP LLC
      Agreement to the extent such performance is delayed or prevented by such
      act or event, and shall resume normal performance within the shortest time
      reasonably practicable.  In the event that such a Program Resource is
      damaged, or production and/or transmittal of energy produced therefrom is
      prevented from normal operations for more than six (6) months, Company may
      remove such affected Program Resource capacity from the Program by giving
      notice of the removal to affected Large Load Customers.  In such event,
      such RE Service Levels shall be reduced to the degree necessary to account
      for the available Program Resource capacity, subject, however, to the
      Company’s right to add additional Program Resource capacity to increase
      Large Load Customers’ RE Service Levels up to the Large Load Customer’s RE
      Service Level prior to such reduction as additional Program Resource
      capacity becomes available.
   8. The term of a Large Load Customer’s subscription is unaffected by a force
      majeure event or a change in the RE Service Level. The term and
      termination of a Large Load Customer's subscription under this Rider shall
      be governed by the Large Load Customer's ESA and RSP-LLC Agreement.
   GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS
   In addition to the above specific rules and regulations, all of Company's General
   Rules and Regulations shall apply to service supplied under this Program, except as
   specifically modified herein.
   NEW RESOURCES
   If a Large Load Customer’s RSP LLC Agreement provides for a subscription to Program
   Resource capacity that is not yet in commercial operation as of the date the RSP LLC
   Agreement is signed, and if such Program Resource capacity does not achieve
   commercial operation by the date specified in the RSP LLC Agreement, the Company
   shall use commercially reasonable efforts, subject to any required approvals from the
   Commission, to make alternative Program Resource capacity available for subscription
   to the affected Large Load Customer.
   CLEAN PRODUCTION DATA
   A subscribing Large Load Customer may request hourly output data from the
   Company specific to the Program Resource capacity to which the Large Load
   Customer has subscribed.

  *Indicates Addition.



DATE OF ISSUE                                          DATE EFFECTIVE
ISSUED BY      Mark C. Birk       Chairman & President        St. Louis, Missouri
               NAME OF OFFICER                          TITLE                             ADDRESS                                                                            EXHIBIT C





          Schedule LLCS Initial Pricing - Standard Rate
            Charges             Summer     Non-Summer
          Customer               $412.66        $412.66
       Low-Income Pilot            $291.99        $291.99
       Demand ($/kW)             $22.43         $10.66
         Energy ($/kWh)            $0.0406        $0.0371
         Reactive ($/kvar)            $0.4481        $0.4481

Standard Rate Seasons -
Summer - June through September
Non-Summer - October - May

Billing demand on-peak hours: 6 am to 10 pm daily


            Schedule LLCS Initial Pricing - Alternate Seasonal and TOU Rate
            Charges                  Spring       Summer         Fall      Winter
          Customer               $412.66        $412.66     $412.66   $412.66
       Low-Income Pilot            $291.99        $291.99     $291.99   $291.99
       Demand ($/kW)              $9.16         $22.43       $9.16    $17.58
     On-Peak Energy ($/kWh)         $0.0360        $0.0616     $0.0413   $0.0387
     Off-Peak Energy ($/kWh)         $0.0289        $0.0324     $0.0298   $0.0375
         Reactive ($/kvar)            $0.4481        $0.4481     $0.4481   $0.4481


Alternate Rate Seasons -
Spring - March through May
Summer - June through August
Fall - September through November
Winter - December through February

Peak/Off-Peak Energy Charge Period Designations -
On-Peak Hours - 9 am to 9 pm daily
Off-Peak Hours - 9 pm to 9 am daily

Billing demand on-peak hours: 6 am to 10 pm daily

Service Voltage: 115 kV or greater                                                                                                                                                                                       EXHIBIT D



Illustrative Revenue Sharing Calculation Based on Earnings Review Surveillance (" ERS" ) Report                            202X                                           (Q)              (R)                  [ (Q) x (R) ]
(A) Total Rate Base                                                                                  $ 20,000,000,000               Cost of Capital       Percent (1)         Cost (2)      Weighted Cost
                                                                                                                                                Long-term debt           47.51%          4.30%          2.04%
(B) Net Operating Income                                                                              $  1,500,000,000                  Short-term debt            0.00%          0.00%          0.00%
                                                                                                                                                                     Preferred stock            0.54%          4.18%          0.02%
(C) Return on Rate Base [ (B) / (A) ]                                                                                     7.50%                Other                    0.00%          0.00%          0.00%
                                                                                                              Common equity (F        51.96%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (D) Total Weighted Cost of Capital - Excluding
(D) Total Weighted Cost of Capital - Excluding Common Equity                                                                2.06%                                     100.00%                          2.06% Common Equity

(E) Weighted Cost of Common Equity [ (C) - (D) ]                                                                           5.44%
                                                                                                                                                                                  (1) Percentages based on actual balances at end of period.
(F) Common Equity Ratio                                                                                             51.96%                 (2) Based on actual average cost at end of period.

(G) Earned ROE [ (E) / (F) ]                                                                                            10.46%

(H) Midpoint of the Staff's Recommended ROE range in File No. ER-2024-0319                                                   9.74%

(I) Difference between Earned ROE and Midpoint of the Staff's Recommended ROE range in File No. ER-2024-0319 [ (G) - (H) ]              0.72%

(J) Revenue Subject to Revenue Sharing Mechanism [ (A) x (F) x (I) ]                                               $     75,307,181

(K) Tax Gross-up Factor (1 / ((1 x (1 - 23.7% statutory tax rate))                                                                            1.31

(L) Revenue Subject to Revenue Sharing Mechanism with Tax Gross-up Factor [ (J) x (K) ]                                $     98,698,796

(M) Application of 65% Revenue Sharing Mechanism                                                             65%

(N) Amount to be Deferred as a Regulatory Liability to be Returned to Retail Electric Customers in a Future Rate Case [ (L) x $     64,154,217

(O) Portion of Regulatory Liability for the Benefit of All Retail Electric Customers [ (L) x (50%) ]                           $     49,349,398

(P) Portion of Regulatory Liability for the Benefit of Low-Income Customers [ (L) x (15%) ]                               $     14,804,819

NOTE: FOR ILLUSTRATIVE PURPOSES ONLY. VALUES ABOVE ARE NOT DERIVED FROM ANY HISTORICAL PERIOD.