            BEFORE THE PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION
                  OF THE STATE OF MISSOURI

In the Matter of the Application of Union             )
Electric Company d/b/a Ameren Missouri             )       File No. ET-2025-0184
for Approval of New or Modified Tariffs              )
for Service to Large Load Customers.                  )

       NON-UNANIMOUS GLOBAL STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT

    COME NOW, Union Electric Company d/b/a Ameren Missouri (“Ameren”) and Amazon

Data Services, Inc., Evergy Metro, Inc., Evergy Missouri West, Inc., Google LLC, Renew

Missouri, Missouri Industrial Energy Consumers, and Sierra Club (individually, a “Signatory” and

collectively, the “Signatories”) and agree to a Non-Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement

(“Agreement”) that resolves all pending issues in this docket, as stated below.

                  STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT

      The Signatories agree to the following:

   A. Overall Proposal

         1.    The Signatories support the Company’s proposed Large Load Rate Plan

 (“LLRP”), including creation of a new,  tariffed rate offering, Schedule Large Load

 Customer Service (“LLCS”), which will set forth the tariffed terms and conditions for

 offering service to large load customers as of the effective date of the pertinent tariffs going

 into effect.

        2.    The Signatories agree that the LLRP and Schedule LLCS should be approved, with

a finding of being reasonable and in the public interest, as set forth in Ameren Missouri’s

application to the Commission and the contemporaneously filed Direct Testimony of Ajay Arora,

Steve Wills, Rob Dixon, and Matt Michels, as modified by the terms and conditions of this

Settlement Agreement. The Company  will  file compliance  tariff sheets  in response  to a


                                          1Commission order in the proceeding.  The Signatories will use this Agreement as their joint

position for the evidentiary hearings and have agreed to waive cross-examination of each other’s

witnesses, except for recross-examination for Commissioner questions, based on this Agreement.

       B.    Schedule LLCS

         3.    The Signatories agree that a Schedule LLCS should be approved as set forth in

 the material provisions summarized below:

        4.      Applicability: Service under this schedule is required for (i) any new facility

beginning service after the effective date of Schedule LLCS with a peak load forecast

reasonably expected to be equal to or in excess of a monthly maximum demand of seventy-

five megawatts (75 MW) at any time during the Term or Extension Term;1 or (ii) any existing

customers, who as of the effective date of Schedule LLCS, have a monthly maximum demand

that is reasonably expected to expand by seventy-five megawatts (75 MW), then Schedule

LLCS shall be applicable to the expansion load.

         5.     Service Voltage & Metering: Schedule LLCS customers shall receive service at

 a voltage of 115 KV or greater, provided that premises served at a distribution voltage could be

 aggregated for the purposes of determining applicability of Schedule LLCS. Where a Schedule

 LLCS customer receives service at a voltage of 115 kV or greater, the customer will own or

 otherwise bear financial responsibility for construction and operation of the distribution

 substation. A premises (also referred to herein as a facility) served under Schedule LLCS shall

 generally mean a single point of interconnection, though the Company and customer may use

 multiple meters if determined appropriate. The Company maintains full discretion to evaluate

 whether multiple meters or premises may or may not be aggregated for purposes of Schedule



1 See Paragraph 8 below.

                                          2 LLCS eligibility, and in its sole reasonable discretion may require multiple meters or premises

 to be considered an aggregate load that shall take service under Schedule LLCS.

         6.     Metering Equipment. For customer facilities taking service under Schedule

 LLCS due to expansion, the Company may install metering equipment necessary to measure the

 incremental load subject to the Schedule LLCS Tariff. The Company reserves the right to make

 the determination of whether such load will be separately metered or sub-metered. If the

 Company determines that the nature of the expansion is such that either separate metering or

 sub- metering is impractical or economically infeasible, the Company will determine, based on

 historical usage, what portion of the Customer’s load in excess of the monthly baseline, if any,

 will be subject to the provisions of the Schedule LLCS Tariff and LLCS Service Agreement.

         7.     Service Agreement Requirement: Customers receiving service under Schedule

 LLCS are required to enter in a written service agreement (the “LLCS Service Agreement”) that

 specifies certain provisions of their electric service, including Contract Capacity.2 Riders

 applicable to customer’s service will be specified in an exhibit attached to the LLCS Service

 Agreement, which may be periodically amended subject to the mutual agreement of the

 Company and customer to reflect customer’s participation in Company-offered programs.

 Commission approval of the foregoing agreements shall not be required but such agreements

 must be consistent with the approved tariffs.

         8.     Service Term: Schedule LLCS customers shall take service for a minimum term

 that includes up to five (5) years of an optional transitional load ramp period plus twelve (12)

 years (the “Term”). The Term shall commence on the date permanent service begins, or as set

 forth in the LLCS Service Agreement. During the transitional load ramp period, the customer’s



2 See Paragraph 9 below.

                                          3 maximum load may be lower than seventy-five megawatts (75 MW). Specific details of the

 customer’s Load Ramp may be addressed in the LLCS Service Agreement. Unless otherwise

 mutually agreed  in  the LLCS  Service Agreement,  the LLCS Service Agreement  will

 automatically extend for periods of five years (“Extension Term”) at the end of the Term or any

 Extension Term, unless either party to the LLCS Service Agreement provides at least thirty-six

 (36) months’ written notice to the other party prior to the end of the Term or any Extension

 Term of its intent not to renew the LLCS Service Agreement or of its intent to renew the LLCS

 Service Agreement for the Extension Term at a reduced Contract Capacity. A customer

 providing notice of non-extension will remain subject to the Exit Fee and Early Termination Fee

 based upon the remainder of the Term or Extension Term to the extent applicable under the

 customer’s LLCS Service Agreement, provided that so long as timely written notice is given

 and the notifying customer continues its service for the remaining Term or Extension Term, as

 applicable, no Exit Fee or Early Termination Fee shall apply. Service shall remain in effect

 throughout the Term and any Extension Term unless cancelled, modified, or terminated in

 writing and pursuant to the terms of Schedule LLCS or the LLCS Service Agreement, or the

 customer changes to another applicable Company rate schedule pursuant to the terms of

 Schedule LLCS.

        9.      Contract Capacity: The LLCS Service Agreement will include a Contract

Capacity specifying the customer’s forecasted annual peak load requirement for the post-load ramp

period of the Term. The Contract Capacity schedule shall also specify the peak load requirement

for each quarter during the load ramp, if any. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, the Contract

Capacity during any Extension Term shall be the same as the Contract Capacity for the last year

of the immediately preceding Term or Extension Term, as applicable.


                                          4        10.    Permissible Capacity Reduction: A customer taking service under Schedule

 LLCS may request to reduce the Contract Capacity during the Term or any Extension Term,

 with the effective date of any such reduction occurring at any time in the Term by up to twenty

 (20) percent of the Contract Capacity  (“Permissible Capacity Reduction”), in total, without

 charge for such reduction. To do so, the customer must provide the Company at least twenty-

 four (24)-months’ prior written notice. In addition, the customer may request to reduce its

 Contract Capacity beyond the Permissible Capacity Reduction, with the effective date of any

 such reduction occurring at any time after the first five (5) years of the term by giving the

 Company at least twenty-four (24) months’ written notice prior to the beginning of the year for

 which the reduction is sought, subject to payment of a Capacity Reduction Fee. The Capacity

 Reduction Fee shall be calculated as two times the difference between (a) the nominal value of

 the Minimum Monthly Bill3 using the Contract Capacity specified in the customer’s LLCS

 Service Agreement minus (if applicable) the Permissible Capacity Reduction, times the number

 of months remaining in the Term or Extension Term, or for sixty (60) months, whichever is

 lesser, and (b) the nominal value of the Minimum Monthly Bill following such a reduction in

 capacity, times the number of months remaining in the Term or Extension Term, or for sixty

 (60) months, whichever is lesser. For avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Paragraph 10 limits

 the right of the customer to reduce its Contract Capacity upon thirty-six (36) months’ written

 notice before the end of a Term or Extension Term as permitted by Paragraph 8. The Company

 will use reasonable efforts to mitigate the Capacity Reduction Fee amount owed by the

 customer. The Company shall invoice the customer no earlier than ninety (90) days prior to the

 date the customer has indicated the capacity reduction will occur for any unmitigated amounts



3 See paragraph 15 below.

                                          5of the Capacity Reduction Fee based on the calculation described above, provided that to the

extent the Company is able to sell the difference between the Minimum Demand at the original

Contract Capacity and the reduced Contract Capacity post-such a capacity reduction by

customer into the Midcontinent Independent System Operator capacity market, Company shall

refund the proceeds of such capacity sales (net of all wholesale market costs to do so) to

customer annually for a period equal to the lesser of (i) the remainder of the Term or Extension

Term, as applicable, or (ii) sixty (60 months) post-the date such a capacity reduction occurred,

and provided further that the total refunds to customer shall not exceed the Capacity Reduction

Fee. The customer shall pay the Capacity Reduction Fee within thirty (30) days of the date it

receives an invoice from the Company for the fee. To the extent the customer seeks to reduce

its Contract Capacity on less notice, and the Company can reasonably reassign Contract

Capacity to another large load customer, the Company in its sole reasonable discretion may

agree to a variance from these provisions. Any notice to reduce capacity is irrevocable once

given by the customer unless the Company in its sole reasonable discretion determines that it

can accommodate a revocation of such notice. Any capacity reduction is permanent for the Term

and any Extension Term, and any request by the customer to reinstate such capacity will be

subject the interconnection process described in Paragraph 42 hereof.

       11.    Termination of LLCS Service Agreement : In order to terminate before the end

of the Term or any Extension Term, the customer must deliver a written notice (a “Termination

Notice”) to Ameren Missouri not less than twenty-four (24) months prior to the effective date

of the termination specified in the Termination Notice (the “Termination Date”).  If a customer

terminates its service under its Service Agreement pursuant to this Paragraph 11 during the ramp

period, the Customer shall pay to Ameren Missouri an Exit Fee in an amount equal to the

applicable Minimum Monthly Bill multiplied by the number of months in the remaining term of

                                         6the load ramp period plus sixty (60) calendar months.   If the customer terminates is service

under its LLCS Service Agreement pursuant to this Paragraph 11 after the ramp period, the

Customer shall pay to Ameren Missouri an Exit Fee in an amount equal to the applicable

Minimum Monthly Bill multiplied by the lesser of (x) a period of sixty (60) calendar months

commencing on the Termination Date or (y) the number of months in the remaining Term or

Extension Term as of the Termination Date (such lesser period, the “Termination Fee Period").

An additional fee shall apply if the customer seeks to terminate with less than twenty-four (24)-

months’ notice (the “Early Termination Fee”). In such case, the Early Termination Fee shall be

equal to two (2) times the nominal value of the applicable Minimum Monthly Bill times the

number of months less than the twenty-four (24)-months’ notice required for termination. The

Large Load Customer shall pay to Ameren Missouri the Exit Fee and, if applicable, the Early

Termination Fee promptly, and in any event not more than thirty (30) days, after the Termination

Date, by wire transfer of immediately available federal funds to an account located in the United

States as Ameren Missouri may specify by notice.

     Commencing on the date of delivery of the Termination Notice, Company shall use

commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate the amount of the Exit Fee, which efforts are

expressly limited to (i) during the Termination Fee Period, Company selling wholesale capacity

(net of all wholesale market costs to do so), up to the Minimum Demand in the applicable

Midcontinent Independent System Operator markets or via bilateral transactions, at such times

and in such amounts as Company may determine, and (ii) until the Termination Date, Company

seeking LLCS customers to whom it would provide bundled retail electric service, up to the

Minimum Demand, pursuant to an LLCS Service Agreements with such customers.  For

purposes hereof, the “Refund Amount” is the aggregate net amount received by Company in

connection with clauses (i) and (ii) in the preceding sentence. Within thirty (30) days after

                                         7 December 31 of each calendar year during the Termination Fee Period, Company shall pay to

 the customer the portion of the Refund Amount received by Company during such calendar

 year, by wire transfer of immediately available federal funds to an account located in the United

 States as the customer may specify by notice; provided that in no event shall the Refund Amount

 exceed the Termination Fee.  If customer qualifies for a different rate schedule, it may elect to

 change to such schedule so long as it meets the requirements therein.

        12.    Applicable Rates and Charges: Customers taking service under Schedule

 LLCS will be subject to additional rates and charges as set forth in the Company’s Mo.P.S.C.

 Schedule No. 6 or any successor thereto, including but not limited to Rider FAC, Rider

 EEIC,4 Rider SUR, Rider RESRAM,5 and the Cost Stabilization Rider (“CSR”).

        13.     Initial Pricing: The Signatories agree that Schedule LLCS  initial monthly

 pricing shall be consistent with the pricing specified in Exhibit A to this Settlement Agreement.

                       i.      The Signatories agree that the Company will compare Schedule LLCS

                     customer base rate kilowatt-based revenue collections under the rates in

                       Exhibit A to this Agreement during the period utilized for evaluation for

                      Class Cost of Service (“CCOS”) Study proposed in the next general rate

                      proceeding to base rate kilowatt-based revenue collections that would

                    have  occurred  for  the same  customers  under Company  Service

                        Classification 11(M) and the difference in revenues will be identified and

                        reallocated to non-Schedule LLCS customer classes for CCOS study

                      purposes only in determining sufficiency of class recovery of costs of


4 Subject to a customers’ right to opt out under the MEEIA statute.
5 Unless a given customer has subscribed to sufficient Rider RSP-LLC service such that sufficient RECS are being
retired on its behalf per the variance request outlined in Company witness Wills’ Direct Testimony and addressed
further below, if the Commission approves the variance.

                                          8         service.

ii.     The Signatories agree that the comparison of Schedule LLCS customer

        base rate kilowatt-based revenue collections to base rate kilowatt-based

        revenue collections that would have occurred for the same customers

        under Company Service Classification 11(M) described in (i) above shall

        remain in place as contemplated by the Signatories to this Agreement

          until the first general rate in which there is at least one, seventy-five

       megawatt (75 MW) or greater Schedule LLCS customer reflected in the

          test year and captured in the CCOS study determinants. At such time, (iii)

       below represents the agreement of the Signatories.

iii.     The Signatories agree that the Initial Pricing terms set forth herein and

           initial prices set forth in Exhibit A to this Settlement Agreement are for

         the purposes of settlement of this proceeding only as modified by  ii

        above. No party shall be restricted in any way with respect to positions it

        wishes to advance on a going-forward basis in the first general rate case

         in which there is at least one, seventy-five megawatt (75 MW) or greater

        Schedule LLCS customer reflected in the test year and captured in the

     CCOS study determinants regarding cost allocation, rate design, or class

         cost of service methodologies except that Ameren Missouri agrees that,

         as part of its filing in the rate case, it will evaluate the costs and impacts

         of any Schedule LLCS customers added to the system and propose a cost

         allocation and rate design proposal designed to ensure the alignment of

         costs and cost causation. Ameren Missouri’s proposal will be designed


                             9                         to reasonably ensure such Schedule LLCS customers’ rates will reflect

                       the customers’ representative share of the costs incurred to serve the

                     customers and prevent other customer classes’ rates from reflecting any

                       unjust or unreasonable costs arising from service to such Schedule LLCS

                      customers.

       14.     Interim Capacity Adjustment: If the Company determines that the customer’s

load cannot be served by the Company’s existing system capabilities, the Company may enter

into specific market contract agreements to provide the necessary capacity requirements of the

customer until sufficient system capacity may be supplied by the Company. The customer and

the Company must mutually agree on the terms for the interim capacity procured by the Company

pursuant to an Interim Capacity Agreement. The customer shall be subject to an additional

demand charge (the “Interim Capacity Adjustment”) calculated according to the terms of the

Interim Capacity Agreement, with customer responsible for the full costs thereof and the terms

of the Interim Capacity Agreement.

        15.   Minimum Monthly Bill: Customers taking service under Schedule LLCS shall

 be subject to a Minimum Monthly Bill which shall consist of the sum of each of the following

 charges and shall apply in addition to any energy-based charges paid by customer:

                       i.     Demand Charge (with minimum monthly demand set at 80 percent of the

                      Contract Capacity (“Minimum Demand”));

                       ii.      Customer Charge (metering, billing, customer support);

                      iii.     Low-Income Pilot Program Charge

                  iv.      Other Demand-Based Riders approved by the Commission in the future;

                    and


                                         10                v.     The Cost Stabilization Rider, with minimum monthly demand set at the

                 Minimum Demand.

       16.    Cost Stabilization Rider: Schedule LLCS customers eligible to receive service

under the Company’s Economic Development Rider will be subject to the CSR, a new adjustment

clause designed to ensure recovery of costs incurred to serve Schedule LLCS customers. The

CSR shall be applied consistent with the Missouri Economic Development Rider statute.6 The

CSR shall be calculated based on comparing the Schedule LLCS customer’s estimated base rate

revenue and estimated final bill revenue prior to applying Schedule CEC. Estimated base rate

revenue shall be the revenue produced by all applicable base rate and non-LLCS riders and the

estimated final bill revenue shall be the base rate revenue plus any applicable rate discounts, such

as an approved economic development rate. Should the Schedule LLCS customer’s estimated

final bill revenues fall below the customer’s estimated base rate revenue, an amount, expressed

in a dollar per kW ($/kW) charge, will be added to the customer billing through this charge. The

CSR shall be customer-specific and memorialized in the LLCS Service Agreement. This

comparison shall be completed annually.

        17.   The CSR shall not be subject to any related Economic Development Rider

 discount. Making the CSR non-bypassable ensures  that Schedule LLCS customers are

 substantially covering the cost to serve them in their tariffed rates or any other voluntary riders

 in which the Schedule LLCS customer enrolls.

        18.   Customer Creditworthiness: For a customer falling within the category reflected

 in paragraph 23 below: (1) The Schedule LLCS customer, or (2) the entity who owns the facility

 where the customer takes service and assumes all financial obligations associated with the



6 Section 393.1640, RSMo.

                                         11 facility under Schedule LLCS and the LLCS Service Agreement, or (3) an entity who otherwise

 assumes all financial obligations associated with the facility under Schedule LLCS and the

 LLCS Service Agreement, must be reasonably creditworthy as determined in the Company's

 sole  reasonable  discretion. As  such,  the Company  retains  discretion  to  evaluate  the

 creditworthiness and credit support of the entity who assumes all contractual obligations under

 Schedule LLCS and the LLCS Service Agreement, and to require reasonable assurances if

 necessary to address customer creditworthiness.

        19.    Collateral/Security Requirements: The Company will require Schedule LLCS

 customers to provide collateral in an amount equal to two (2) years of Minimum Monthly Bills,

 as calculated by the Company (the “Collateral Requirement”).

        20.  A customer together with a Guarantor,7 which can include its ultimate parent,

 corporate affiliate, a tenant, or any other entity with a financial interest in the customer

 (“Guarantor”) that guarantees the Collateral Requirement under Schedule LLCS and the LLCS

 Service Agreement (i) has a credit rating of at least A- from Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) and A3

 from Moody’s, (ii) and if rated A- or A3 has not been placed on credit watch by either such

 rating agency if either the customer’s credit rating by such agency is equal (and not greater to)

 to the foregoing rating, and  (iii) has liquidity greater than ten (10) times the collateral

 requirement as of the end of applicable period (and which must be shown by providing financial

 statements and a chief financial officer or a third-party certified public accountant certification

 accompanying such financial statements, no later than forty-five (45) days after the end of the

 period) (collectively, “60% Eligibility Requirements”) will be exempt from sixty (60) percent

 of the Collateral Requirement, with the sixty (60) percent discount not to exceed $175 million.


7 A “Guarantor” can include its ultimate parent,  corporate affiliate, a tenant, or any other entity with a
financial interest in the customer.

                                         12“Period” for public companies shall be the interval for reporting required by the Securities and

Exchange Commission, for all other companies “Period” shall be each calendar quarter.

       21.  A customer that does not have an A- credit rating from S&P and A3 rating from

Moody’s, but (together with a Guarantor that guarantees the Collateral Requirement under

Schedule LLCS and the LLCS Service Agreement) (i) has at least a BBB+ credit rating from

S&P and Baa1 credit rating from Moody’s, (ii) has not been placed on credit watch by either

such rating agency if either the customer’s credit rating by such agency is equal (and not greater

to) to the foregoing rating, and (iii) has liquidity greater than ten (10) times the Collateral

Requirement as of the end of the applicable quarter (as determined in the Company’s reasonable

discretion, and which must be shown by providing quarterly financial statements and a chief

financial officer or a third-party certified public accountant certification accompanying such

financial statements, no later than forty-five (45) days after the end of the quarter) (collectively,

“50% Eligibility Requirements”) will be exempt from fifty (50) percent of the Collateral

Requirement, with the fifty (50) percent discount not to exceed $150 million.

       22.  A customer that does not have an A- credit rating from S&P and A3 rating from

Moody’s, but (together with a Guarantor that guarantees the Collateral Requirement under

Schedule LLCS and the LLCS Service Agreement) (i) has at least a BBB- credit rating from

S&P and Baa3 credit rating from Moody’s, (ii) has not been placed on credit watch by either

such rating agency if either the customer’s credit rating by such agency is equal (and not greater

to) to the foregoing rating, and (iii) has liquidity greater than ten (10) times the Collateral

Requirement  as  of  the end  of  the applicable quarter  (as determined  in  the Company’s

reasonable discretion, and which must be shown by providing quarterly financial statements and

a chief financial officer or a third-party certified public accountant certification accompanying


                                        13such financial statements, no later than forty-five (45) days after the end of the quarter)

(collectively, “40% Eligibility Requirements”) will be exempt from forty (40) percent of the

Collateral Requirement, with the forty (40) percent discount not to exceed $125 million.

       23.  A customer that does not have an A- credit rating from S&P and A3 rating from

Moody’s, but (together with a Guarantor that guarantees the Collateral Requirement under

Schedule LLCS and the LLCS Service Agreement) either (i) has at least a BBB- credit rating

from S&P and Baa3 credit rating from Moody’s, and has not been placed on credit watch by

either such rating agency if either the customer’s credit rating by such agency is equal (and not

greater to) to the foregoing rating, or (ii) has liquidity greater than ten (10) times the Collateral

Requirement as of the end of the applicable quarter (as determined in the Company’s reasonable

discretion, and which must be shown by providing quarterly financial statements and a chief

financial officer or a third-party certified public accountant certification accompanying such

financial statements, no later than forty-five (45) days after the end of the quarter) (collectively,

“25% Eligibility Requirements”) will be exempt from twenty-five (25) percent of the Collateral

Requirement, with the twenty-five (25) percent discount not to exceed $75 million.

       24.   The 60% Eligibility Requirements, the 50% Eligibility Requirements, the 40%

Eligibility Requirements, and the 25% Eligibility Requirements are collectively referred to as

the “Discount Eligibility Requirements.”

       25.   The Collateral Requirement must be provided at the time of executing the LLCS

Service Agreement.

       26.   Any collateral provided to satisfy the Collateral Requirement shall not accrue

interest while held by the Company.

       27.   The Company will, in its sole reasonable discretion, after the customer has


                                        14 achieved their peak load and has been operating above seventy-five megawatts (75 MWs) for at

 least three (3) years, annually consider reducing the Schedule LLCS customer’s collateral

 obligation over the course of its contract period, on a schedule generally corresponding to the

 reduction of risk to the Company and its customers. The Company will consider the customer’s

 performance criteria, which includes, but is not limited to the customer’s: (i) financial condition,

  (ii) load performance, (iii) payment history, (iv) credit rating, and (v) any default history.

        28.   The amount of the Collateral Requirement under the foregoing calculation will

 be recomputed quarterly based upon the customer’s rolling twenty-four (24)-month load

 forecast as of the first date of the next quarter, and the customer shall provide the recomputed

 amount if greater than the current amount held. The Company shall notify a customer  if the

 customer no longer meets the applicable Discount Eligibility Requirements, including if the

 customer has been placed on credit watch, if applicable to such eligibility.

        29.   The Collateral Requirement must be provided in one or more of the following

Forms, provided, that the Company shall have the right to choose the acceptable form of

collateral among those listed below for any customer that qualifies for a Discount of twenty-five

percent (25%) or less:

                       i.    A guarantee from the customer’s Guarantor for the applicable Collateral

                     Requirement, so long as the Guarantor meets the applicable Discount

                          Eligibility Requirement, provided that the dollar amount of the Collateral

                    Requirement that may be provided under the guarantee is subject to credit

                     review by the Company. The guarantee must be in a format acceptable to

                    and approved by the Company, and must include (i) if the Guarantor’s

                       creditworthiness is considered for determining the Discount Eligibility


                                         15        Requirements, a commitment from the Guarantor to pay the Collateral

        Requirement if the customer fails to make such payments (without a

         dollar limit), and (ii) a provision that automatically increases the dollar

       amount of collateral covered by the guarantee if either the customer or

        Guarantor no  longer  satisfies  the  applicable  Discount  Eligibility

        Requirement; or,

ii.    A standby irrevocable Letter of Credit (“Letter of Credit”) for the

         applicable Collateral Requirement. The Letter of Credit must be issued

       by a U.S. bank or the U.S. branch of a foreign bank, which is not affiliated

        with the Schedule LLCS customer or its Guarantor, with a credit rating

         of at least A- from S&P and A3 from Moody’s and a minimum of $2

          billion in assets. Such security must be issued for a minimum term of

         three hundred sixty (360) days. The customer must cause the renewal or

        extension of the security for additional consecutive terms of three

        hundred sixty (360) days or more no later than thirty (30) days prior to

        each expiration date of the security. If the customer no longer satisfies

         the applicable Discount Eligibility Requirement,  it must increase the

       amount covered by the Letter of Credit within ten (10) days. If the

         security is not renewed, extended, or increased as required herein, the

      Company will have the right to draw immediately upon the Letter of

         Credit and/or demand cash collateral in the amount of the required

         increase and be entitled to hold the amounts so drawn or received as

         security until the customer has either (i) come back into compliance with

         the requirements for use of a Letter of Credit or, (ii) if required by the

                            16                  Company, has provided an alternative form of collateral consistent with

                    Schedule LLCS. The Letter of Credit must be in a format acceptable to

                   and approved by the Company; or

                     iii.   A cash deposit for the applicable Collateral Requirement.

       30.    In case of an uncured breach by the customer of the LLCS Service Agreement,

an uncured breach of the Guarantor under the parent guaranty, or any notice of termination or

refusal to continue the Letter of Credit by the issuing bank, the Company may draw on the

applicable collateral, as further set forth in the LLCS Service Agreement.

       31.      If, at any time after Customer’s initial delivery of the collateral the customer fails

to comply with the Collateral Requirement, the Company may thereafter pursue any and all

rights and remedies at law or in equity, and may take any other action consistent with the LLCS

Service Agreement, Schedule LLCS, and the Company’s General Rules and Regulations,

including but not limited to suspension or curtailment of service.

       32.   To the extent the Company draws on a cash deposit provided by a customer, the

Company draws funds from a Letter of Credit or Guarantee, or the Company receives a cash

Exit Fee, the Company will defer the amount received minus any amount used to pay for

services rendered,  together  with  the Company’s weighted  average cost of  capital, as a

regulatory liability to be addressed in the next general ratemaking proceeding.

       33.   Annual Reports: The Company and stakeholders, including OPC, Staff, and

customers, will meet to determine the contents of an annual compliance report to be provided

confidentially to the Commission. This report will contain information regarding: (i) the number

of new or expanded customers that have enrolled in Schedule LLCS and (ii) the total estimated

load enrolled under Schedule LLCS. Any other reporting requirements will be determined as a


                                        17result of the Company and stakeholder discussions. Energy usage information will be provided

on a confidential and anonymized basis. The Company commits to meeting with Staff and OPC

at least annually, and on a highly confidential basis, to provide updates on Schedule LLCS with

the agenda to be mutually agreed to by Staff, OPC, and the Company.

  C. New Renewable/Carbon Free Attribute Procurement Riders Within the LLRP

       34.   The Signatories agree that in conjunction with approval of Schedule LLCS, the

Commission should also approve and find reasonable and in the public interest four new clean

and renewable energy riders (paragraphs 35 - 38 to be applicable to Schedule LLCS customers

and, in the case of paragraphs 35, 37, and 38, to 11(M) customers). In entering into subscription

agreements with LLCS customers and 11(M) customers under the programs reflected in

paragraphs 35, 37, and 38, the Company will take reasonable steps to ensure equitable access

program resource capacity to all interested customers.

       35.    Clean Energy Choice (Rider CEC): Will enable customers under Schedule

LLCS or Service Classification 11(M) to support the procurement of clean energy resources

and/or replacement of identified existing resources in lieu of or in addition to the Company’s

Preferred Resource Plan. This shall include but not be limited to distributed energy resources

such as demand-side management, energy efficiency, and battery storage. Under this program,

the Company and the requesting customer will execute an agreement that determines cost

recovery from the customer for the selected resources and any appropriate credits (including but

not limited to consideration of energy, capacity, and related environmental attribute credits)

including consideration of any related Renewable Energy Credits (“RECs”) to the customer’s

bill. In considering supply-side resources, the Company will not place any limitations on the

size of the resource considered or brought forward by a customer. For example, solar resources


                                        18 of 10-20 MW may be considered. Any alternative resources or combination of resources that

 would be procured pursuant to this rider and result in a material change to the Company’s

 Preferred Resource Plan, would be submitted to the Commission for review through a certificate

 of convenience and necessity (“CCN”) proceeding. The agreement executed between Company

 and the requesting customer would be submitted for Commission approval as part of any such

 CCN filing. Schedule CEC participants will be subject to separately negotiated terms and

 conditions, including collateral requirements, based upon the specific agreement negotiated by

 the Company and the requesting customer.

        36.   Renewable Solutions Program (Rider RSP-LLC): Will provide non-residential

 customers taking service under Schedule LLCS to subscribe to future renewable energy

 attributes associated with new Company-owned wind or solar generation acquired through the

 Integrated Resource Planning (“IRP”) process that are not needed to meet renewable compliance

 targets or requirements. The Company will take reasonable steps to ensure equitable access to

 Service Classification 11(M) customers under existing RSP and LLCS customers under RSP-

 LLC.

        37.    Nuclear Energy Credit (Rider NEC): Will provide non-residential customers

 taking service under Schedule LLCS or Service Classification 11(M) with the ability to include

 emission-free nuclear energy attributes from Company-owned or sourced resources into their

 clean energy portfolio to support the customer’s sustainability and decarbonization goals.

        38.    Clean Capacity Advancement (Rider CCAP): Will provide non-residential

 customers taking service under Schedule LLCS or Service Classification 11(M) to participate

 in a capacity product that enables storage of clean energy.8


8 The Riders RSP-LLC, NEC, and CCAP tariffs will require that the agreements to be entered into for customers
participating in the program(s) shall require financial security/collateral for the financial obligations undertaken by

                                         19   D. Other Tariff Modifications Necessary to Implement the LLRP Rate Plan

        39.   The Signatories agree that certain modifications to existing tariffs, riders, and

 Company rules and regulations are needed in order to support the LLRP Rate Plan. The

 Signatories agree that the Commission should approve and find reasonable and in the public

 interest modifications to the following tariffs. In summary, these changes are as follows:

        40.    Service Classification 11(M): Signatories agree to add language that new

 customers with monthly demand reasonably expected  to reach  or exceed  seventy-five

 megawatts (75 MW) will not be able to receive service under Service Classification 11(M).

 Existing 11(M) customers as of the effective date of Schedule LLCS may continue to take

 service under 11(M), except that any expansion of such customer’s load by seventy-five

 megawatts (75 MW) or greater shall be subject to Schedule LLCS.

       41.    Rider FAC (Fuel Adjustment Clause)/Program Revenues Tracker: The

Signatories agree that the Company’s Rider FAC shall be changed in its next rate case consistent

with the change proposed in Schedule SMW-D3 to Company witness Steve Wills’ Direct

Testimony. The Signatories also agree that the tracking mechanism outlined in Mr. Wills’ Direct

Testimony at page 52 for revenues from Riders RSP-LLC, CCAP, and NEC should be adopted.

        42.    Rules and Regulations: Signatories agree to the addition of language to the

 Company’s General Rules and Regulations that for extensions of transmission or substation

 facilities, any customer requesting service with substation or transmission facilities shall pay all

 costs associated with such extensions. These costs will not include any resulting network

 upgrade  costs  for  facilities  classified  as  transmission under  the MISO Open Access



participants and will require Termination and Exit Fees covering the same duration post-post termination of service
as the Exit Fees for the Mininum Monthly Obligation as provided for above apply for termination of the LLCS
Service Agreement.

                                         20 Transmission Tariff. In the event MISO modifies cost allocation methodologies for network

 upgrade costs related to large load interconnections, nothing herein prevents the parties from

 proposing modifications to how Ameren Missouri allocates such costs among  its  retail

 customers. Customers requesting service through substation or transmission facilities must

 complete payment for the extension or make suitable arrangements for installment payments,

 execute all required agreements associated with the requested extensions, and execute any

 applicable service agreements as required by the applicable rate schedule as a condition for any

 construction to commence.

       The Signatories agree to the addition of language to the Company’s General Rules and

        Regulations reflecting the framework of the load interconnection process that is the same

        as the Path to Power load interconnection process set forth in Section 2.10 of the

        exemplar Evergy Missouri West tariff sheet (PSC. MO. No. 1, Second Revised Sheet

       No. R-21 included with the Direct Testimony in File No. EO-2025-0154 of Evergy

        witness Bradley Lutz, with two modifications, as follows: Replace “an accredited state

        or  regional economic development  organization”  with  Missouri Department  of

       Economic Development or the Company if the Company obtains accreditation as an

       economic development organization., and substitute “Midcontinent Independent System

        Operator, Inc. (“MISO”) for “Southwest Power Pool (“SPP”).”

        43.  The Signatories agree that the variance from 20 CSR 4240-20.100 described in

 the Direct Testimony of Company witness Steve Wills should be granted.

                   GENERAL PROVISIONS

        1.     This Agreement is being entered into solely for the purpose of settling the issues in

this case explicitly set forth above.  Unless otherwise explicitly provided herein, none of the


                                         21Signatories to this Agreement shall be deemed to have approved or acquiesced in any ratemaking

or procedural  principle,  including, without  limitation, any  cost-of-service methodology or

determination, depreciation principle or method, method of cost determination or cost allocation

or revenue-related methodology.  Except as explicitly provided herein, none of the Signatories

shall be prejudiced or bound in any manner by the terms of this Agreement in this or any other

proceeding, regardless of whether this Agreement is approved.

        2.     This Agreement  is a negotiated settlement.  Except as specified herein, the

Signatories to this Agreement shall not be prejudiced, bound by, or in any way affected by the

terms of this Agreement: (a) in any future proceeding; (b) in any proceeding currently pending

under a separate docket; and/or (c) in this proceeding should the Commission decide not to approve

this Agreement, or in any way condition its approval of same.

        3.     This Agreement has resulted from extensive negotiations among the Signatories,

and the terms hereof are interdependent.  If the Commission does not approve this Agreement

unconditionally and without modification, then this Agreement shall be void and no Signatory

shall be bound by any of the agreements or provisions hereof.

        4.     This Agreement embodies the entirety of the agreements between the Signatories

in this case on the issues addressed herein and may be modified by the Signatories only by a written

amendment executed by all of the Signatories.

        5.       If approved and adopted by the Commission, this Agreement shall constitute a

binding agreement among the Signatories.

        6.       If  the Commission does not approve  this Agreement without condition or

modification, and notwithstanding the provision herein that it shall become void, (1) neither this

Agreement nor any matters associated with  its consideration by the Commission shall be


                                         22considered or argued to be a waiver of the rights that any Signatory has for a decision in accordance

with § 536.080 or Article V, Section 18 of the Missouri Constitution, and (2) the Signatories shall

retain all procedural and due process rights as fully as though this Agreement had not been

presented for approval, and any suggestions, memoranda, testimony, or exhibits that have been

offered or received in support of this Agreement shall become privileged as reflecting the

substantive content of settlement discussions and shall be stricken from and not be considered as

part of the administrative or evidentiary record before the Commission  for any purpose

whatsoever.

        7.       If the Commission accepts the specific terms of this Agreement without condition

or modification, only as to the issues in these cases that are settled by this Agreement explicitly

set forth above, the Signatories each waive their respective rights to present oral argument and

written briefs pursuant to § 536.080.1, their respective rights to the reading of the transcript by the

Commission pursuant to § 536.080.2, their respective rights to seek rehearing pursuant to §

536.500, and their respective rights to judicial review pursuant to § 386.510. This waiver applies

only to a Commission order approving this Agreement without condition or modification issued

in this proceeding and only to the issues that are resolved hereby.  It does not apply to any matters

raised in any prior or subsequent Commission proceeding nor any matters not explicitly addressed

by this Agreement.

    WHEREFORE, the undersigned Signatories respectfully request the Commission to

issue an order approving the Agreement subject to the specific terms and conditions contained

therein.

Dated: 11/07/2025




                                         23Respectfully submitted,

/s/ James B. Lowery
James B. Lowery, Mo. Bar #40503
JBL LAW, LLC
9020 S. Barry Rd.
Columbia, MO 65201
Telephone: 573-476-0050
E-Mail: lowery@jbllawllc.com

/s/ Wendy K. Tatro
Wendy K. Tatro, Mo. Bar #60261
Director and Assistant General Counsel
Ameren Missouri
1901 Chouteau Avenue
St. Louis, MO 63103
Telephone: (314) 861-1705
Facsimile: (314) 554-4014
E-Mail: AmerenMOService@ameren.com


COUNSEL FOR UNION ELECTRIC
COMPANY d/b/a AMEREN MISSOURI

/s/ Cole A. Bailey__________________
Cole A. Bailey MBN#77628
Evergy, Inc.
1200 Main Street, 16th Floor
Kansas City, Missouri 64105
Telephone: (816) 556-2314
Facsimile: (816) 556-2780
E-mail: Cole.Bailey@evergy.com

ATTORNEY FOR EVERGY MISSOURI
METRO AND EVERGY MISSOURI WEST

/s/ Stephanie S. Bell ____________
Stephanie S. Bell, #61855
308 East High Street, Suite 300
Jefferson City, MO 65101
Telephone: (573) 750-4100
Facsimile: (314) 334-0450
E-mail: sbell@ellingerlaw.com

ATTORNEY FOR AMAZON DATA
SERVICES, INC.

  24/s/ Frank A. Caro________________
Frank A. Caro, Jr. (#42094)
Polsinelli PC
900 W. 48th Place
Suite 900
Kansas City, Missouri 64112
(816) 572-4754
fcaro@polsinelli.com


/s/ Andrew O. Schulte_____________
Andrew O. Schulte (#62194)
Polsinelli PC
900 W. 48th Place
Suite 900
Kansas City, Missouri 64112
(816) 691-3731
aschulte@polsinelli.com

ATTORNEYS FOR GOOGLE LLC

/s/ Nicole Mers_________________
Nicole Mers, Bar No. 66766
501 Faye Street, Suite 206
Columbia, MO 65201
T:314-308-2729
nicole@renewmo.org

GENERAL COUNSEL FOR RENEW
MISSOURI ADVOCATES


/s/ Sarah Rubenstein_________________
Sarah Rubenstein (MO Bar #48874)
Great Rivers Environmental Law Center
4625 Lindell Blvd, Suites 200 & 300 St. Louis,
Missouri 63108
(314) 231-4181
srubenstein@greatriverslaw.org

COUNSEL FOR SIERRA CLUB





  25/s/ Diana M. Plescia_____________
Diana M. Plescia #42419
130 S. Bemiston, Suite 200
St. Louis, Missouri 63105
Telephone: (314) 725-8788
Facsimile: (314) 725-8789
E-mail: dplescia@chgolaw.com

ATTORNEY FOR THE MISSOURI
INDUSTRIAL ENERGY CONSUMERS





  26                    CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

      The undersigned certifies that true and correct copies of the foregoing was served on

counsel for all parties of record in this docket via electronic mail (e-mail) on this 7th day of

November, 2025.


                                                                           /s/ James Lowery
                                                     James Lowery





                                         27