David F. Proaño 
direct dial: 216.861.7834 
dproano@bakerlaw.com 
 
 
 
October 10, 2024 
The Honorable Gregory Price 
The Honorable David Hicks 
The Honorable Isabel Marcelletti 
Attorney Examiners 
Public Utilities Commission of Ohio 
180 East Broad Street, 11th Floor 
Columbus, OH 43215-3793 
Re: 
In the Matter of the Application of Ohio Power Company For New Tariffs Related To 
Data Centers And Mobile Data Centers - Case No. 24-508-EL-ATA 
   
Dear Examiners, 
I am pleased to submit the enclosed Joint Stipulation and Recommendation for the 
Commission’s consideration in resolving this case, which is supported by a majority of the 
parties in this case. The Signatory Parties remain open to including other parties willing to join 
the Joint Stipulation and Recommendation, and in the meantime request consideration and 
approval by the Commission.  
 
Should you have any questions concerning this submission, please contact me at the information 
above. 
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ David F. Proaño 
David F. Proaño 
Counsel of Amazon Data Services, Inc. 
cc:  All Counsel of Record 
 
Appx. Page 439 of 867
1 
 
BEFORE THE 
PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF OHIO 
 
 
In the Matter of the Application of Ohio 
Power Company for New Tariffs Related to 
Data Centers and Mobile Data Centers  
) 
) 
) 
) 
 
Case No. 24-0508-EL-ATA 
 
 
 
JOINT STIPULATION AND RECOMMENDATION 
 I. 
Introduction 
Rule 4901-1-30, Ohio Administrative Code (OAC), provides that any two or more 
parties to a proceeding may enter into a written stipulation covering the issues presented in 
such a proceeding. This document sets forth the understanding and agreement of the parties 
who have signed below (“Signatory Parties”) and jointly present to the Public Utilities 
Commission of Ohio (“Commission”) this Joint Stipulation and Recommendation 
(“Stipulation”) in order to resolve all of the issues raised in this proceeding through the 
Application filed by Ohio Power Company (“AEP Ohio” or the “Company”) on May 13, 
2024, proposing new tariffs related to data centers and mobile data centers. 
This Stipulation is a product of lengthy, serious, arm’s-length bargaining among the 
Signatory Parties and other parties who chose not to sign the Stipulation (all of whom are 
capable, knowledgeable parties).  All parties were invited to discuss and negotiate this 
Stipulation, and all parties participated in negotiations. This Stipulation is supported by 
adequate data and information. As a package, the Stipulation: benefits customers and the 
public interest; represents a just and reasonable resolution of all issues in this proceeding; 
violates no regulatory principle or practice; and complies with and promotes the policies 
and requirements of Title 49 of the Ohio Revised Code.  This Stipulation represents an 
accommodation of the diverse interests represented by the Signatory Parties and, though not 
Appx. Page 440 of 867
2 
 
binding, is entitled to careful consideration by the Commission. For purposes of resolving 
the issues raised by these proceedings, the Signatory Parties agree to fully support adoption 
of the Stipulation without modification in this proceeding.   
II. 
Recitals 
WHEREAS, on May 13, 2024, AEP Ohio filed an Application in this proceeding 
seeking to establish new tariffs related to data centers and mobile data centers; 
WHEREAS, the parties engaged in extensive discovery in this proceeding;  
WHEREAS, the Signatory Parties found common ground through the issues 
developed during the discovery process and settlement discussions commenced concerning 
those developing issues; and 
WHEREAS, this Stipulation is the result of serious discussion and compromise of 
complex issues and involves substantial benefits that would not otherwise have been 
achievable, and is not intended to reflect the views or proposals which any individual party 
may have advanced acting unilaterally. 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Signatory Parties agree and recommend resolution of the 
Application and related issues through this Stipulation. 
III. 
Joint Recommendations of Signatory Parties 
A. AEP Ohio’s Application 
1. The Signatory Parties recommend that the Commission adopt the Application in 
this case as modified by this Stipulation. 
B. Tariff Applicability 
2. The name of Schedule DCP (Data Center Power) will be changed to Schedule EIC 
(Electricity-Intensive Customer) and will apply to any electric service agreement 
Appx. Page 441 of 867
3 
 
(ESA) signed after the tariff effective date for new load greater than 50 MW at a 
Single Location if AEP Ohio provides Proof of a Transmission Capacity 
Constraint.  Schedule EIC will not apply to loads greater than 50 MW at a Single 
Location that have already signed an LOA or ESA by the effective date of the new 
tariff.  
a. For purposes of Schedule EIC, “Single Location” shall mean an area that is 
owned, operated, or leased by the customer, which can include a contiguous 
lot to the area with the customer’s metering point, regardless of easements, 
public thoroughfares, transportation rights-of-way, or utility rights-of-way. 
b. Transmission Capacity Constraint shall mean existing AEP transmission 
infrastructure (above 100 kV) is unable to serve the customer while still 
complying with FERC/NERC reliability requirements. 
c. Proof of a Transmission Capacity Constraint shall be established through 
the completion of a study by AEP Ohio which identifies the transmission 
load capacity at the proposed customer location, and confirms that the 
proposed customer location has insuffiction transmission load capacity, 
thereby requiring significant transmission system upgrades. Such study 
shall be shared with the customer or its authorized third party consultant to 
verify the study’s conclusions.  
d. Schedule EIC shall not be limited in its application to specific customer 
types, industries, businesses or operational profiles. 
e. “ESA” or “Contract” means the service agreement entered into by the 
customer and AEP Ohio. 
 
 
Appx. Page 442 of 867
4 
 
C. Contract Term 
3. Customers taking service under Schedule EIC will have the option of selecting one 
of the following three options for the term of ESA: 
a. Term A: Term of the ESA will equal the Load Ramp Period (no greater than 
four years as further defined below in Section G) plus 8 years, with an option 
to exit after year 5, with a 1-year exit fee. 
b.  Term B: Term of the ESA will equal the Load Ramp Period plus 10 years, 
with an option to exit after year 7, with no exit fee. 
c. Term C: Term of the ESA will equal the Load Ramp Period plus 12 years, 
with an option to exit after year 9, with no exit fee. 
D. Collateral 
4. All customers served under Schedule EIC with a Contract Capacity of less than 75 
MW for a Single Location will remain subject to the security/collateral requirements 
under the then existing GS tariff (or successor tariff). 
a. For purposes of Schedule EIC, the terms “Data Center” and “Mobile Data 
Center” proposed in the Application will be eliminated. 
b. Any customer served under Schedule EIC with a Contract Capacity of 75 
MW or more for a Single Location will be subject to the security/collateral 
requirements proposed in the Application if the customer does not have 
either (a) a credit rating of at least A- from S&P Global Inc. and A3 from 
Moody’s Corporation or (b) cash and cash equivalents on an audited balance 
sheet prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
greater than ten times the collateral requirement. 
 
Appx. Page 443 of 867
5 
 
E. Minimum Demand 
5. For Schedule EIC customers, the monthly minimum billing demand will be no less 
than the greater of (a) X% of the customer’s highest previously established monthly 
billing demand during the prior 11 months, where X refers to the maximum 
minimum demand corresponding to the Term (A through C) the customer selects, or 
(b) a percentage of the customer’s Contract Capacity according to the following 
schedule: 
Contract Capacity 
Minimum Demand 
50,001 kW to 75,000 kW 
32,500 kW plus 85% of marginal amount over 
50,000 kW 
75,001 kW and above 
53,750 kW plus 100% of marginal amount over 
75,000 kW; provided, however, that the minimum 
demand will not exceed: 
• 85% of the total Contract Capacity for Term 
A customers; 
• 80% of the total Contract Capacity for Term 
B customers; or 
• 75% of the total Contract Capacity for Term 
C customers. 
 
a. For purposes of Schedule EIC, the “Contract Capacity” shall mean the 
customer specified amount of monthly peak load requirements for each 
month as set forth in the ESA. 
F. Public Posting of Contract Forms   
6. AEP Ohio shall post the standard contract and form applications and contracts it 
uses for all primary and transmission customers (whether served under Schedule 
EIC or otherwise) on a publicly available website, including load study applications, 
Appx. Page 444 of 867
6 
 
CIAC agreements, LOAs, new service applications, ramp-up agreements, ESAs and 
any other form documents. These publicly available forms shall comply with the 
terms of AEP Ohio’s Commission-approved tariffs. Further, AEP Ohio shall post its 
standard Schedule EIC contracting process on a publicly available website. 
G. Load Ramp Period 
7. The “Load Ramp Period” will commence upon energization and will not exceed 
four years, and the capacity used for determining minimum monthly billing demand 
will be no less than: 
a. In Year 1, 30% of Contract Capacity. 
b. In Year 2, 50% of Contract Capacity. 
c. In Year 3, 70% of Contract Capacity. 
d. In Year 4, 90% of Contract Capacity. 
The definition of “Load Ramp Period” in the Application will be modified 
accordingly, and the definition of “Load Ramp Contract Capacity” in the 
Application will be eliminated. 
H. Resizing Capacity for Existing Customers   
8. To assist in alleviating transmission constraints, AEP Ohio shall initiate a program 
that will allow existing customers (i.e., those customers with an ESA executed prior 
to the effective date of Schedule EIC) the opportunity to reduce or “right size” their 
existing Contract Capacity upon implementation of the new Schedule EIC, and 
conduct annual reviews to allow customers to reduce their existing Contract 
Capacity to ensure that they have not contracted for too much capacity, without 
triggering the application of the new tariffs. 
 
Appx. Page 445 of 867
7 
 
I. Process for Signing Up New EIC Customers 
9. Until Schedule EIC becomes effective and is implemented, prospective large load 
customers will remain in AEP Ohio’s Central Ohio queue, unless such customer 
load can be served by existing transmission system capacity. The following process 
applies to a new facility served under Schedule EIC: 
a. Step One: Request for Load Study. The customer will request that AEP 
Ohio conduct a formal study of the prospective load. The customer must 
demonstrate it is making reasonable efforts to gain possession and control of 
land (through an MOU or other showing) and provide a specific location, 
proposed load ramp, and proposed final Contract Capacity load. AEP Ohio 
will charge a one-time fee of $10,000 for each load study to cover the study 
cost. Customers currently in AEP Ohio’s Central Ohio queue must submit a 
study request and pay the fee within 120 days of the effective date of Tariff 
EIC or lose their spot in the queue. 
b. Step Two: AEP Ohio Determines Service Plan. AEP Ohio will conduct the 
load study and determine a service plan for the customer. AEP Ohio will 
make reasonable efforts to complete the load study within (i) 60 days if 
regional transmission upgrades are needed to serve the customer or (ii) 45 
days (for all other situations). AEP Ohio will make reasonable efforts to 
prioritize customers on a “first come, first served” basis, but strict adherence 
to this principle may be impossible based on regional and local transmission 
grid conditions, location of customer property, the grid location of the 
upgrades, etc. 
Appx. Page 446 of 867
8 
 
c. Step Three: Contracting. Any buildout costs and CIAC will be addressed 
through an LOA consistent with AEP’s then-existing tariff provisions that 
apply to all customers (the “CIAC Amount”). The LOA will not require 
credit security in an amount greater than the CIAC Amount. AEP Ohio will 
also present the customer an ESA under the EIC tariff that will include a 
good faith estimate of the energization date of service, but if regional 
transmission upgrades are needed, the in-service date estimate will be high-
level and contingent on numerous factors outside of AEP Ohio’s control 
(e.g., a PJM competitive window). The ESA Contract Capacity during the 
Load Ramp Period will be set at 0 MW and only become effective upon 
energization. Once the customer and AEP Ohio agree to the terms of an LOA 
and ESA, the customer will have 90 days to sign the LOA and ESA. 
Customer must demonstrate control over the property (e.g. own, lease or 
have an option) before contracts are executed. If the customer declines to 
sign within this time, the contracts will be automatically withdrawn and the 
customer will lose their spot in the queue. 
d. Step Four: Construction and Energization. AEP Ohio will include the 
customer’s load in its PJM forecast, and the necessary transmission 
infrastructure to serve the customer will be constructed pursuant to the PJM 
transmission planning process. Once all infrastructure is in place to begin 
service, AEP Ohio will energize the customer and the ESA will begin. If 
electric infrastructure is not in place to serve the customer by the estimated 
in-service date in the ESA, the end date of the ESA will not change, and 
Contract Capacity for the Load Ramp Period will remain at 0 MW until AEP 
Appx. Page 447 of 867
9 
 
Ohio has demonstrated that the customer can be served by available 
transmission facilities and the customer is energized. 
J. Assigning Retail Capacity to Another Customer 
10. If a customer (“Assigning Customer”) wishes to reduce its Contract Capacity under 
Schedule EIC during the term of the ESA, it may request that AEP Ohio assign up to 
50% of its Contract Capacity (“Reallocated Capacity”) to another Schedule EIC 
customer (“Receiving Customer”) in lieu of continuing minimum demand charges 
for that Reallocated Capacity and/or paying some or all of its exit fee. If a successful 
assignment is made, the Assigning Customer would be relieved of its contractual 
obligations going forward relating to the assigned load. Consistent with any 
applicable legal or regulatory requirements, AEP Ohio will make a good faith effort 
to accommodate capacity assignments. 
K. Emergency Interruption 
11. Customers taking service under Schedule EIC may be interrupted during grid 
emergencies under the same circumstances as any other customer, including any 
applicable new regulation or future rule changes. 
L. Behind-the-Meter Generation 
12. Schedule EIC will expressly state that customers taking service under that schedule 
may interconnect behind-the-meter generation and/or co-located load on the same 
terms and under the applicable interconnection rules (PUCO, PJM OATT and PJM 
Manuals) as any other customer, including any applicable new regulation or future 
rule changes. AEP Ohio’s language in the section titled Customer-Owned 
Generation and Emergency Conditions will not be included in any schedule. The 
Appx. Page 448 of 867
10 
 
minimum demand calculation will allow netting to include consideration of the 
customer’s firm commitments to reduce load with behind-the-meter generation. 
M. Exit Fee and Minimum Demand Charge Revenue 
13.  All exit fee and minimum demand charge revenue collected by AEP Ohio under 
Schedule EIC shall be credited to the BTCR revenue requirement or deferred as a 
regulatory liability with a carrying charge at AEP Ohio’s weighted average cost of 
capital. 
N. Contract Renewal 
14.  Following the conclusion of a Schedule EIC ESA, the Customer will be served 
under the terms of AEP Ohio’s then existing GS tariff (or any successor tariff). 
O. SSO 
15. AEP Ohio’s SSO proposal will be modified by the following provision:  Customers 
served under Schedule EIC and all other customers having an existing ESA with 
Contract Capacity over 25 MW that are part of the 5,000 MW expansion currently 
under ESA will not be eligible to return to the existing default SSO auction product. 
Instead, the customers that fall under these tariff requirements and those that have an 
existing ESA with Contract Capacity over 25 MW will be served by a separate yet 
to be determined competitive and transparent process where competitive suppliers, 
subject to qualifying criteria approved by the Commission, will provide electric 
power and energy that is based on real time energy and a pass through of capacity 
plus an adder for ancillary costs and the supplier’s cost. 
 
 
Appx. Page 449 of 867
11 
 
P. MDC/FLT Tariff 
16. The proposed Schedule MDC/FLT (Mobile Data Center/Flexible Load Tariff) will 
be eliminated, without prejudice to AEP Ohio’s ability to propose tariff provisions 
related specifically to mobile data centers in a future proceeding, which any party to 
this proceeding may oppose or support. 
Q. Initiation of Commission-Ordered Investigation (“COI”) 
17. The Signatory Parties request that the Commission initiate a COI that will evaluate 
opportunities that could positively impact near term transmission capacity constraint 
issues on AEP Ohio’s system including utility-side opportunities such as utility data 
transparency, operational efficiencies, reconductoring and market-driven 
opportunities such as battery storage, surplus interconnection of distribution-level 
generation and storage, and virtual power plants, and grid-enhancing technologies 
from both utility and market driven opportunities. 
R. The Three-Part Test for Commission Approval  
18. The Signatory Parties agree that the Stipulation satisfies the three-part test 
traditionally used by the Commission to consider stipulations.  Specifically, the 
Signatory Parties agree that: 
a. The Stipulation is a product of serious bargaining among capable, 
knowledgeable parties representing diverse interests.  
b. The Stipulation does not violate any important regulatory principle or 
practice. 
c. The Stipulation, as a whole, benefits customers and the public interest. 
 
 
Appx. Page 450 of 867
12 
 
IV.   Procedural Matters 
A. 
Certain of the Signatory Parties will file testimony in support of the 
Stipulation, subject to the Commission’s ruling on the Signatory Parties’ motion for a 
continuance of the scheduled evidentiary hearing, which is being submitted concurrently 
with the Stipulation. 
B. 
Except for enforcement purposes or to establish that the terms of the 
Stipulation are lawful, neither this Stipulation nor the information and data contained herein 
or attached hereto shall be cited as a precedent in any future proceeding for or against any 
Signatory Party, if the Commission approves the Stipulation.  Nor shall the acceptance of 
any provision within this Stipulation be cited by any party or the Commission in any forum 
so as to imply or state that any Signatory party agrees with any specific provision of the 
Stipulation.  More specifically, no specific element or item contained in or supporting this 
Stipulation shall be construed or applied to attribute the results set forth in this Stipulation 
as the results that any Signatory Party might support or seek, but for this Stipulation in these 
proceedings or in any other proceeding.  This Stipulation contains a combination of 
outcomes that reflects an overall compromise involving a balance of competing positions, 
and it does not necessarily reflect the position that one or more of the Signatory Parties 
would have taken on any individual issue.  Rather the Stipulation represents a package that, 
taken as a whole, is acceptable for the purposes of resolving all contested issues without 
resorting to litigation.  The Signatory Parties believe that this Stipulation, taken as a whole, 
represents a reasonable compromise of varying interests.      
C. 
By their signatures, the Signatory Parties indicate their support for the 
Stipulation.  The Signatory Parties agree not to oppose this Stipulation.  If the Stipulation is 
Appx. Page 451 of 867
13 
 
contested, no Signatory Party will oppose an application for rehearing designed to defend or 
restore the terms of this Stipulation. 
D. 
This Stipulation is conditioned upon adoption of the Stipulation by the 
Commission in its entirety and without material modification. Each Signatory Party has the 
right, in its sole discretion, to determine whether the Commission’s approval of this 
Stipulation constitutes a “material modification” thereof. If the Commission rejects or 
materially modifies all or any part of this Stipulation, any Signatory Party shall have the 
right within thirty days of issuance of the Commission’s order to apply for rehearing. The 
Signatory Parties agree that they will not oppose or argue against any other Party’s 
application for rehearing that seeks to uphold the original unmodified Stipulation.  If the 
Commission does not adopt the Stipulation without material modification upon any 
rehearing ruling, then within thirty days of such Commission rehearing ruling any Signatory 
Party may terminate its Signatory Party status and withdraw from the Stipulation by filing a 
notice with the Commission. No Signatory Party shall file a Notice of Withdrawal without 
first negotiating in good faith with the other Signatory Parties to achieve an outcome that 
substantially satisfies the intent of the Stipulation. If a new agreement achieves such an 
outcome, the Signatory Parties will file the new agreement for Commission review and 
approval. If the discussions to achieve an outcome that substantially satisfies the intent of 
the Stipulation are unsuccessful, and a Signatory Party files a Notice of Withdrawal, then 
the Commission will convene an evidentiary hearing to afford that Signatory Party the 
opportunity to contest the Stipulation by presenting evidence through witnesses, to cross 
examine witnesses, to present rebuttal testimony, and to brief all issues that the Commission 
shall decide based upon the record and briefs. If the discussions to achieve an outcome that 
substantially satisfies the intent of the Stipulation are successful, then some or all of the 
Appx. Page 452 of 867
14 
 
Signatory Parties shall submit the amended Stipulation to the Commission for approval after 
a hearing if necessary. 
E. 
Unless the Signatory Party exercises its right to terminate its Signatory Party 
status or withdraw as described above, each Signatory Party shall act in good faith and use 
reasonable efforts to support the reasonableness of this Stipulation before the Commission 
in this proceeding, and to cause its counsel to do the same, and in any appeal it participates 
in from the Commission's adoption and/or enforcement of this Stipulation. The Signatory 
Parties also agree to urge the Commission to accept and approve the terms hereof as 
promptly as possible. 
 
 
 
 
[space intentionally blank – signature page follows] 
 
 
Appx. Page 453 of 867
15 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Stipulation and Recommendation has been signed 
by the authorized agents of the undersigned Signatory Parties as of this 10th day of October 
2024. 
 
/s/David F. Proano 
 
 
 
 
David F. Proaño 
On Behalf of Amazon Data Services, Inc. 
 
 
 
/s/Amily A. Imbrogno** 
 
 
 
Amily A. Imbrogno 
On Behalf of Ohio Energy Leadership 
Council 
 
 
/s/Trent A. Dougherty** 
 
 
 
Trent A. Dougherty 
On Behalf of Enchanted Rock, LLC 
 
 
/s/Matthew R. Pritchard** 
 
 
 
Matthew R. Pritchard 
On Behalf of the Retail Energy Supply 
Association 
 
 
/s/Christopher T. Kennedy**  
 
 
Christopher T. Kennedy 
On Behalf of Sidecat LLC, an Affiliate of 
Meta Platforms, Inc. 
 
 
 
/s/James  F. Lang**  
 
 
 
James F. Lang 
On Behalf of Microsoft Corporation 
 
 
 
/s/Stacie Cathcart**  
 
 
 
Stacie Cathcart 
On Behalf of Interstate Gas Supply 
 
 
/s/Michael J. Settineri** 
 
 
 
Michael J. Settineri 
On Behalf of Constellation Energy Generation, 
LLC and Constellation NewEnergy, Inc. 
 
 
/s/Kimberly A. Bojko** 
 
 
 
Kimberly A. Bojko 
On Behalf of the Ohio Manufacturers’ 
Association Energy Group 
 
 
/s/Nikhil Vijayka** 
 
 
 
 
Nikhil Vijaykar 
On Behalf of the Data Center Coalition 
 
 
/s/Devin D. Parram** 
 
 
 
Devin D. Parram 
On Behalf of Google LLC 
 
 
 
/s/Angela Paul Whitfield** 
 
 
 
Angela Paul Whitfield 
On Behalf of the Ohio Blockchain Council 
 
 
 
 
/s/James Dunn ** 
 
 
 
James Dunn 
On Behalf of One Energy Enterprises Inc. 
 
 
 
** by signature means by DFP with authority 
from counsel of record for Signatory Party 
Appx. Page 454 of 867
16 
 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
 
 
I certify that the foregoing was filed electronically through the Docketing 
Information System of the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio on this 10th day of October, 
2024. In accordance with Rule 4901-1-05, Ohio Administrative Code, the PUCO’s e-filing 
system will electronically serve notice of the filing of this document upon the following 
parties. In addition, I hereby certify that a service copy of the foregoing was sent by, or on 
behalf of, the undersigned counsel to the following parties of record, via email. 
/s David F. Proaño___________________ 
David F. Proaño (0078838) 
Counsel for Amazon Data Services, Inc. 
 
SERVICE LIST 
 
lmkurtz@BKLlawfirm.com; 
khelfrich@ohioec.org; 
jkylercohn@BKLlawfirm.com; 
lkaleps@ohioec.org; 
Stacie.Cathcart@igs.com; 
glpetrucci@vorys.com; 
Natalia.Messenger@igs.com; 
mjsettineri@vorys.com; 
dproano@bakerlaw.com; 
jreckert@vorys.com; 
tathompson@bakerlaw.com; 
cynthia.brady@constellation.com; 
CPirik@dickinson-wright.com; 
jesse.rodriguez@constellation.com; 
todonnell@dickinsonwright.com; 
mark.hayden@constellation.com; 
nvijaykar@keyesfox.com; 
slee@spilmanlaw.com;  
kennedy@whitt-sturtevant.com; 
dparram@brickergraydon.com; 
cockrell@whitt-sturtevant.com; 
dborchers@brickergraydon.com; 
rdove@keglerbrown.com; 
john.gomoll@constellation.com; 
cgrundmann@spilmanlaw.com; 
jlang@calfee.com; 
dwilliamson@spilmanlaw.com; 
mbarbara@calfee.com; 
kherrnstein@brickergraydon.com; 
lmcalister@amppartners.org; 
trent@hubaydougherty.com;  
ghull@amppartners.org; 
bojko@carpenterlipps.com; 
paul@carpenterlipps.com; 
easley@carpenterlipps.com; 
rebekah@gloverlegalservices.com; 
william.michael@occ.ohio.gov; 
John.varanese@occ.ohio.gov; 
jdunn@oneenergyllc.com; 
ktreadway@oneenergyllc.com; 
mwarnock@oneenergyllc.com; 
mpritchard@mcneeslaw.com; 
stephanie.chmiel@thompsonhine.com; 
rmains@brickergraydon.com; 
nbobb@keglerbrown.com; 
lappaya@brickergraydon.com; 
aimbrogno@meyersroman.com; 
stnourse@aep.com;  
mjschuler@aep.com; 
talexander@beneschlaw.com 
khehmeyer@beneschlaw.com  
smeng@beneschlaw.com 
vanessa.boddy@thompsonhine.com 
 
Appx. Page 455 of 867
This foregoing document was electronically filed with the Public Utilities
Commission of Ohio Docketing Information System on
10/10/2024 11:20:50 AM
in
Case No(s). 24-0508-EL-ATA
Summary: Stipulation Joint Stipulation and Recommendation electronically filed by
Mr. David F. Proano on behalf of Amazon Data Services, Inc..
Appx. Page 456 of 867
