              - BEFORE THE PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION OF UTAH -


 Application of Rocky Mountain Power for         DOCKET NO. 26-035-05
 Approval of a Large-Load Service
 Contract between PacifiCorp and a        ORDER APPROVING SETTLEMENT AND
 Large-Load Customer                    DENYING MOTION FOR ACCESS TO
                                   MATERIALS DESIGNATED “REGULATOR
                                          ACCESS ONLY”


                                                       ISSUED: April 10, 2026

    1. Procedural Background.

     On February 10, 2026, Rocky Mountain Power (RMP) filed an application

(“Application”) with the Public Service Commission (PSC) seeking approval of a large-

load service contract (“LLSC”) between RMP and a large-load customer (“Customer”)

pursuant to Utah Code Ann. §§ 54-26-101, et seq. (“Act”) and Utah Admin. Code R746-

318 (“Rule”). The Act requires the PSC to issue an order on such requests within 60

days of the filing.1

      The PSC issued a Scheduling Order and Notice of Hearing on February 13, 2026.

      The Division of Public Utilities (DPU), Office of Consumer Services (OCS), and

Utah Association of Energy Users (UAE)2 filed written direct testimony on March 3,

2026. RMP and DPU filed written rebuttal testimony on March 10, 2026.

       Additionally, UAE filed a Motion for Access to Materials Marked “Regulator

Access Only” (“Motion”) on March 10, 2026, requesting the PSC grant UAE’s counsel



1 Utah Code § 54-26-302(4) (“The [PSC] shall approve or disapprove an application
submitted under this section within 60 days after the day on which a person files the
application.”).
2 The PSC granted UAE’s petition to intervene on March 3, 2026.                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                      - 2 -

and witness unredacted access to certain materials in the Application that RMP

designated as “regulator access only.” On March 13, 2026, RMP filed an Objection to

UAE’s Motion (“Objection”).

     On March 13, 2026, RMP filed a settlement stipulation (“Settlement”) executed

by RMP, DPU, and OCS (collectively, the “Settling Parties”) purporting to resolve all

issues related to the Application.

     On March 17, 2026, the PSC conducted a hearing, as previously noticed in the

scheduling order. First, the PSC heard oral argument on UAE’s Motion, which UAE

filed one week prior to the hearing.3 Subsequently, RMP, OCS, and DPU each provided

testimony in support of the Settlement. UAE represented at hearing that it did not

oppose the Settlement but noted it had questions as to whether the Settlement’s

accounting treatment would fully insulate other retail customers from associated

costs.

     On March 19, 2026, the PSC issued a Notice of Decisions on the Motion and on

the Settlement, indicating that, based on the arguments and the evidence, the Motion

was denied and the Settlement was approved. The PSC also indicated it would later

issue this final order to further explain the bases for those decisions.





3 Neither DPU nor OCS elected to take any position on the Motion.                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                      - 3 -

    2. The Application.

       After receiving a large-scale service request exceeding 100 MW from the

Customer, RMP represents it completed a system impact study (“SIS”) and associated

designated network load study to determine the necessary infrastructure, costs, and

timeline required to accommodate the Customer’s request. Subsequently, RMP and

the Customer executed the LLSC on January 20, 2026, pursuant to which RMP will

provide electric service to meet all of Customer’s projected electrical requirements at

the site. Consistent with Utah Code § 54-26-301(8), RMP filed the LLSC for PSC

approval within 15 business days of execution. RMP represents the LLSC complies

with all applicable provisions of statute and administrative rule.

     Under the LLSC, RMP will provide the Customer more than 100 MW of firm

service. RMP will design, construct, install, and operate certain improvements, which

RMP will own, lease, or contract for the duration of the LLSC, for the purpose of

serving the Customer. Additionally, RMP will procure the generation assets necessary

to service the Customer’s load. According to the Application, the delivery facilities

have been fully paid for and were completed on or before December 31, 2025, and no

network transmission upgrades (distinguishable from interconnection upgrades) are

required to provide the Customer’s service.

      The Customer will pay multiple forms of consideration under the LLSC,

including a fixed-cost component (“Reservation Charges”), a variable-cost component                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                      - 4 -

(“Energy Charges”), and applicable surcharges, riders, and taxes. The revenue RMP

receives from the Customer’s Reservation Charges will be removed from RMP’s

revenue requirement and net power costs (“NPC”). Additionally, the costs of

constructing Customer load facilities, bridging market capacity purchases,

incremental generation resources, and RMP’s return will be removed from revenue

requirement to prevent any existing customers from subsidizing service under the

LLSC. RMP represents the Energy Charges will provide opportunities for existing

resources to be economically dispatched to meet the Customer’s load. The applicable

surcharges and taxes are based on their established rates. RMP represents, in total,

the LLSC is expected to result in net benefits to other retail customers.

            a. Impact of the LLSC on RMP’s System.

    RMP identified impacts on its system through the SIS, which assessed the

impact of then-planned load on the system. RMP’s SIS identified necessary

interconnection upgrades and assigned all costs directly to the Customer. These costs

are subject to future true-up and reimbursement. Upon the initiation of service, RMP

will provide a standard meter allowance for the interconnection to be recoverable

through the Reservation Charge. The SIS and associated designated network load

study found that no further transmission or distribution upgrades were required to

provide service to the site. RMP represents it will provide service to the Customer

using its Network Integration Transmission Service, the Customer’s load will be                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                      - 5 -

designated as a network load using existing transmission rights, and RMP will not

incur any additional third-party wheeling costs to serve the Customer. The Application

states “[a]ny transmission voltage-related contribution from the Customer can be

viewed as a pure cost offset to existing retail customers.”4 Under the LLSC, the

Customer agrees to pay its proportionate share of any shared facilities costs based on

the full amount of its contracted demand.

           b. Incremental Costs.

    RMP states its other customers will not bear incremental costs of the LLSC;

rather, they are expected to benefit from it in several ways. First, RMP contends other

customers will benefit from the economic re-dispatch of the system. Second, other

customers will benefit from the Customer’s contributions to applicable surcharges

and riders. Third, Utah residents and the state will benefit from state and local tax

revenue through the contract term.

    RMP asserts other customers are properly shielded from any costs and risks

associated with the LLSC. For example, in addition to the Reservation and Energy

Charges, the Customer will reimburse RMP for all incremental costs of serving the

Customer’s load, which the LLSC lists categorically.5



4 Application at 9.
5 Incremental Costs include incremental energy costs used by the Customer facilities,
incremental interconnection costs used by the Customer facilities, and incremental
capacity-related costs, including costs for offsetting peak demand, ancillary services,
supplying reserves, resource adequacy, and resource sufficiency. See id.                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                      - 6 -

            c.  Accounting Methodology.

    RMP represents its accounting methodology ensures separate accounting

records are kept with sufficient detail to demonstrate that costs will be directly

assigned to the Customer. According to RMP, the methodology will protect existing

retail customers from subsidizing the Customer’s energy, capacity, and transmission

costs. RMP represents it will track charges at a granular level and make all pertinent

records available for audit and review.

     Even though incremental costs will be removed from the NPC calculation, RMP

states that, to offset the incremental costs associated with the Customer’s energy

usage, RMP will apply a credit to the cost of service in each rate case equal to the

total forecast Customer Energy Charges against forecast NPC. Similarly, RMP will

apply a credit equal to the Customer’s actual invoiced Energy Charges against the

actual NPC in RMP’s annual Energy Balancing Account (“EBA”) filings, precluding

other customers from bearing any portion of those costs.

    RMP “will manage costs associated with capacity and related charges by

procuring market energy initially but within two years will procure resources to

increase overall system capacity so [it] can reliably serve all customers.”6 RMP will

exclude the costs for these resources from the cost of service and NPC forecasts in

general rate cases (“GRCs”) and in its annual EBA filing to ensure existing customers



6 Id. at 10.                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                      - 7 -

will not bear any portion of these incremental costs. RMP represents that the credits

will ultimately result in an overall cumulative benefit to existing retail customers.

RMP further represents that if payments are insufficient to cover RMP’s actual costs,

existing customers will be held harmless, and any revenue shortage will remain

excluded from the EBA and GRCs.

           d.  Additional Customer Obligations.

      According to the Application, the LLSC imposes additional obligations on the

Customer to shield RMP and its other customers from financial and other risks, such

as indemnity provisions, insurance coverage, auditable financial requirements, credit

assurances, and cost protections in the event expected load characteristics

significantly change.

    3. The Settlement.

       In the Settlement, the Settling Parties agree that the LLSC is just and

reasonable, in the public interest, and meets applicable requirements of the Act and

Rule. However, “[t]o further clarify the record and resolve uncertainty regarding the

accounting treatment of the LLSC in future net power cost, rate case, and system

allocation proceedings during the term of the LLSC,” the Settling Parties agree to the

following items and conditions:                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                      - 8 -

        1. The coincident peak loads and energy usage of the [Customer] will be
        removed from the calculation of the system energy … and system generation
        … allocation factors.

        2. [RMP] shall reduce system net power costs (i.e., prior to allocation among
         the states [RMP] serves) in each hour by an amount equal to the product of
           (a) and (b) where (a) is the [Customer’s] actual energy consumption for each
         hour in a calendar year and (b) is for each hour, the hourly value calculated
         as the average of the locational marginal prices … reported by the California
         Independent System Operator … during the Extended Day-Ahead Market …
         run at or near the location of the LLSC load.

        3. [RMP] will exclude all costs (e.g., capital, O&M, third-party power purchase
         agreement, third-party tolling agreements, third-party resource adequacy
         agreements, energy purchases, fuel, charging energy, imbalance charges,
          settlements, etc., as each may be applicable) associated with the “Proposed
         Resources” [as defined at a specific portion of RMP’s written testimony] or
         the interim market purchases [as described in a different, specific portion of
        RMP’s written testimony] from its system cost of service and system net
        power costs.

        4.  All other large load costs will be accounted for as described in [RMP’s
          written testimony].7

The Settling Parties further agree RMP may not seek to recover costs of any Proposed

Resources, as defined in the Settlement, in a future rate case unless the PSC approves

the inclusion through a separate proceeding.

      The Settling Parties agree that implementation of these conditions will ensure

the LLSC results in no net increases in the costs of other customers.





7 Settlement at ¶ 12.                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                      - 9 -

    4. The PSC Approves the LLSC and Settlement.

            a. Legal Standards Governing Settlements and Approval of Large-Load
             Contracts.

      Settlement through negotiated agreement is statutorily encouraged in

proceedings before the PSC.8 The PSC may approve a settlement, at any stage of the

proceeding, provided it finds the settlement is just and reasonable in result, having

considered the interests of the public and other affected parties.9

      The Act requires the PSC to approve a large-load contract provided it finds a

preponderance of the evidence shows: (i) the contract complies with the requirements

of the Act; (ii) the large-load customer bears all just and reasonable incremental

costs attributable to receiving the requested electric service; and (iii) existing

ratepayers do not bear costs justly and reasonably attributable to providing electric

service for the large-load customer.10 The PSC’s review of a large-load contract is

“limited to the [foregoing] requirements” and “does not include review of other

contract terms.”11





8 Utah Code § 54-7-1(1).
9 Id. at § 54-7-1(3)(d).
10 Id. at § 54-26-302(2).
11 Id. at § 54-26-302(3).                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                     - 10 -

           b. The PSC Finds the LLSC Complies with All Requirements of the Act and
             Rule, the Customer Will Bear All Just and Reasonable Costs of Receiving
            Service under the LLSC, Existing Ratepayers Will Not Bear Such Costs,
           and the Settlement is Just and Reasonable in Result.

      To ensure a large-load customer bears all costs associated with its large-load

service contract, the Act imposes certain accounting requirements on RMP, including

(i) maintaining separate accounting records for all investments, revenues, and

expenses associated with providing service to the large-load customer, and (ii)

excluding all revenues and incremental costs associated with the large-load

customer’s service from any rates proposed to the PSC.12 Further, in any rate

proceeding, the Act requires RMP to provide specific and detailed operational data

regarding the dispatch of incremental generation resources identified in a large-load

contract and any periods during which the large-load customer’s load exceeded the

dispatch of those resources or vice versa. RMP must also provide “any other

information the [PSC] requires to ensure that the costs associated with service to a

large load customer are excluded from the rates paid for by retail customers.”13

      The Application summarizes the methodology RMP will utilize to comply with

these requirements, including maintaining separate accounting records with sufficient

detail to show the costs will be directly assigned to the Customer. RMP represents it

will “track all charges at a granular level and will make all records available for audit



12 Id. at § 54-26-602(2).
13 Id. at § 54-26-602(4)(d).                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                     - 11 -

and review by the [PSC].”14 As discussed above, RMP commits to appropriately

crediting cost of service in future rate cases “equal to the amount of the Energy

Charge to be applied to the total forecasted Customer energy charge against the

forecasted net power costs” and to “apply a credit equal to the actual Customer

invoiced energy charge against the actual net power costs” in future EBA

proceedings.15

       After a period during which RMP will purchase energy at market to fulfill the

Customer’s load, RMP commits to procure resources to serve the Customer and to

exclude the cost in future rate cases and EBA proceedings. As discussed above, the

Settlement further clarifies and imposes cost allocation protections to ensure the

LLSC results in no net increase to costs for other customers.

     RMP, OCS, and DPU all testified the LLSC complies with all requirements of the

Act and Rule. No party has argued otherwise, and the PSC has found no deficiency in

its review of RMP’s Application and the LLSC. Accordingly, the PSC finds the LLSC

satisfies all statutory requirements as well as the requirements of the PSC’s

administrative rules.

     RMP, OCS, and DPU each represented in the Settlement and individually

testified that the Customer will bear all just and reasonable costs attributable to

receiving service under the LLSC and that other ratepayers will not bear costs


14 Application at 10.
15 Id.                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                     - 12 -

properly allocable to the Customer. The Settling Parties buttressed these assurances

through numerous specific mechanisms enumerated in the Settlement, as discussed

above. Moreover, no party has presented evidence showing that other customers are

likely to bear costs associated with RMP’s service under the LLSC.

      Therefore, we find the Customer will bear all just and reasonable incremental

costs associated with its service under the LLSC, and existing customers will not incur

costs properly allocable to the Customer.

       Finally, having reviewed the Settlement in conjunction with the Application,

LLSC, and all parties’ testimony, we find the Settlement to be just and reasonable in

result. The additional conditions enumerated in the Settlement concerning RMP’s

accounting and ratemaking treatment of costs associated with the LLSC are entirely

consistent with the Act and provide additional assurances that other ratepayers will

not incur costs associated with RMP’s service to the Customer.

      For the foregoing reasons, the LLSC and the Settlement are approved.

    5. UAE’s Motion is Denied.

      While the Act requires RMP to provide detailed information to the PSC to

ensure large-load contracts do not shift costs to retail customers, it also recognizes

that commercially sensitive information must be protected. The Act states, for                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                     - 13 -

example, that a utility “may not be required to publicly disclose specific revenue

information from individual large load customers.”16

      The administrative rules the PSC adopted to implement the Act further protect

the confidentiality of information submitted in connection with an application for

approval of a large-load contract by creating a category of protection distinct from

the “confidential and highly confidential” designation that governs other protected

filings with the PSC.17 Specifically, “[t]o the extent an applicant believes it necessary to

restrict access to sensitive information from persons otherwise entitled to review

confidential or highly confidential information under Section R746-1-602, the

applicant may designate information as regulator access only [(“RAO”)].”18

      Information designated as RAO is treated as confidential or highly confidential

information “except the categories of persons entitled to receive or review” it is

limited to agents of the PSC, DPU, and OCS.19 A party may challenge an RAO

designation by filing a motion and proposing alternative protections, such as

restricting access to those who execute a non-disclosure agreement.20 When a party

challenges an RAO designation, provided it has proposed reasonable alternative

protections, the party designating the information as RAO bears the burden of



16 Utah Code § 54-26-602(5).
17 See Utah Admin. Code R746-1-602.
18 Id. at R746-318-103(2).
19 Id. at R746-318-103(4)-(5).
20 Id. at R746-318-103(6)(a).                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                     - 14 -

demonstrating that access to the information could be used to its competitive

disadvantage.

      However, “[a] rebuttable presumption exists that the following categories of

information are commercially sensitive and appropriately designated [RAO]: credit

terms, pricing terms, and other commercial terms related to implementing pricing and

credit terms.”21

      Here, UAE argues it requires access to information RMP designated as RAO to

analyze whether “‘all large load incremental costs [under the LLSC] are allocated to

and paid by the large load customer.’”22 UAE emphasizes it “does not intend to suggest

that RMP seeks to have the costs associated with its service to the [Customer]

subsidized by other customers[,] [r]ather UAE accepts that RMP seeks to avoid that

outcome.”23 UAE contends, nonetheless, that access to information RMP designated as

RAO is necessary to allow UAE “meaningful participation in this docket.”24

     UAE takes no position on the Application or underlying LLSC.25 However, UAE

complains that it could not fully evaluate the Settlement’s proposed accounting

mechanism to ensure costs will not be shifted to other ratepayers because it did not

have access to the information designated as RAO.



21 Id. at R746-318-103(7).
22 Motion at 2.
23 Id. at 5.
24 Id.
25 See, e.g., Hr’g Tr. at 94:14-15.                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                     - 15 -

       In its Objection to the Motion, RMP contends it properly designated the

information as RAO because it contains commercially sensitive information, including

pricing, implementation of pricing terms, as well as the contract term. RMP argues

that allowing UAE to access this information could result in RMP’s competitive

disadvantage and cannot be cured through a non-disclosure agreement. RMP

emphasized that it conferred with UAE, and UAE had simply failed, in RMP’s view, to

identify a legitimate need for access to the information RMP designated RAO.

      At hearing, RMP argued that the RAO materials could be analyzed in

conjunction with other available information to infer or otherwise derive highly

sensitive pricing and other proprietary information. While a non-disclosure agreement

provision might offer sufficient protection in other cases, RMP contends the peculiar

sensitivities in this specific case warrant limiting access only to regulators. RMP

further underscored that it is a competitor in the large-load service market, and

requiring RMP to divulge sensitive information in this proceeding may negatively

impact RMP’s business in the future.

     As an initial matter, UAE filed its Motion on March 10, 2026, one week before

the hearing.26 UAE did not request expedited treatment or an in camera hearing on the

Motion. As noted above, the PSC’s consideration of the Application is extremely time

sensitive because the Act requires the PSC to issue an order on an application for


26 The PSC set the matter for hearing on March 17, 2026 in its Scheduling Order and
Notice of Hearing issued February 13, 2026.                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                     - 16 -

approval of a large-load service contract within 60 days. Therefore, if a party wishes

to challenge the designation of protected materials in such a proceeding, it is

paramount that the party do so at the earliest possible opportunity.

      Notably, UAE takes no position on the Application or Settlement, rather UAE

stressed at hearing that it is primarily concerned about having adequate access to

protected information in future dockets.

      The PSC finds, based on the testimony and argument at hearing, that the

information RMP designated as RAO qualifies for the rebuttable presumption that it is

“commercially sensitive and appropriately designated regulator access only.”27 We

further find UAE, on this record, failed to demonstrate a clear and convincing need to

access the restricted information sufficient to overcome that presumption.

      Accordingly, UAE’s Motion is denied. As a practical matter, the Motion is also

moot because UAE failed to seek relief at a time and in a manner that could have

plausibly facilitated UAE obtaining the information in advance of the hearing nor could

the hearing have been postponed given the statutory requirement that the PSC issue

an order within 60 days.

      Given that UAE’s professed primary concern regards future proceedings, the

PSC clarifies that its denial of this Motion, filed barely a week prior to the hearing,

should not be construed as precedential in future dockets. A motion filed early in the



27 Utah Admin. Code R746-318-103(7).                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                     - 17 -

process might, for example, afford time for a separate in camera hearing to be held

well in advance of the hearing on the merits wherein the PSC could evaluate specific

and individualized arguments concerning particular portions of the redacted material.

The PSC encourages parties to meet, confer, and collaborate to find mutually

acceptable solutions in future dockets, but, if agreement cannot be reached, to seek

relief from the PSC at the earliest possible time such that the issues might be

resolved in a constructive fashion prior to the hearing on the merits.

    6.  Order.

     Based on the foregoing findings and conclusions, the PSC approves the

Application, LLSC, and Settlement. UAE’s Motion is denied.

     DATED at Salt Lake City, Utah, April 10, 2026.


                                                 /s/ Jerry D. Fenn, Chair


                                                 /s/ David R. Clark, Commissioner


                                                 /s/ John S. Harvey, Ph.D., Commissioner

Attest:


/s/ Gary L. Widerburg
PSC Secretary
DW#344733                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                     - 18 -

               Notice of Opportunity for Agency Review or Rehearing

      Pursuant to Utah Code Ann. §§ 63G-4-301 and 54-7-15, a party may seek
agency review or rehearing of this written order by filing a request for review or
rehearing with the PSC within 30 days after the issuance of the order. Responses to a
request for agency review or rehearing must be filed within 15 days of the filing of the
request for review or rehearing. If the PSC fails to grant a request for review or
rehearing within 30 days after the filing of a request for review or rehearing, it is
deemed denied. Judicial review of the PSC’s final agency action may be obtained by
filing a Petition for Review with the Utah Supreme Court within 30 days after final
agency action. Any Petition for Review must comply with the requirements of Utah
Code Ann. §§ 63G-4-401, 63G-4-403, and the Utah Rules of Appellate Procedure.                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                     - 19 -

                         CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

           I CERTIFY that on April 10, 2026, a true and correct copy of the foregoing was
delivered upon the following as indicated below:

By Email:

Data Request Response Center (datareq@pacificorp.com, utahdockets@pacificorp.com)
PacifiCorp

Max Backlund (max.backlund@pacificorp.com)
Rocky Mountain Power

Tiffanie A. Ellis-Burke (tiffanie.ellis-burke@pacificorp.com)
Katherine T. Smith (katherine.smith@pacificorp.com)
Rocky Mountain Power
Ashley M. Walker (walker.ashley@dorsey.com)
Dorsey & Whitney, LLC
Attorneys for Rocky Mountain Power

Phillip J. Russell (prussell@jdrslaw.com)
JAMES DODGE RUSSELL & STEPHENS, P.C.
Kevin Higgins (khiggins@energystrat.com)
Neal Townsend (ntownsend@energystrat.com)
Justin Bieber (jbieber@energystrat.com)
Keirsten Ignjatovic (keirsten@energystrat.com)
Energy Strategies, LLC
Utah Association of Energy Users

Lauren R. Barros (LRB@LaurenBarrosLaw.com)
Lauren R. Barros Law
Sarah Wright (sarah@utahcleanenergy.org)
Logan Mitchell (logan@utahcleanenergy.org)
Jenn Bodine (jbodine@utahcleanenergy.org)
Josh Craft (josh@utahcleanenergy.org)
Jennifer Eden (jennifer@utahcleanenergy.org)
Sierra Goodridge (sierra@utahcleanenergy.org)
Utah Clean Energy                       DOCKET NO. 26-035-05

                                     - 20 -

Patricia Schmid (pschmid@agutah.gov)
Patrick Grecu (pgrecu@agutah.gov)
Robert Moore (rmoore@agutah.gov)
Assistant Utah Attorneys General

Madison Galt (mgalt@utah.gov)
Division of Public Utilities

Alyson Anderson (akanderson@utah.gov)
Cameron Irmas (cirmas@utah.gov)
Asami Kobayashi (akobayashi@utah.gov)
Jennifer Ntiamoah (jntiamoah@utah.gov)
Bela Vastag (bvastag@utah.gov)
(ocs@utah.gov)
Office of Consumer Services
                                                  /s/ Melissa R. Paschal
                                      Lead Paralegal