                                                                           1407 W. North Temple, Suite 330
                                                                                                       Salt Lake City, UT 84116


February 10, 2026

VIA ELECTRONIC FILING

Utah Public Service Commission
Heber M. Wells Building, 4th Floor
160 East 300 South
Salt Lake City, UT 84114

Attention:    Gary Widerburg
            Commission Administrator

RE:   Docket No. 26-035-05 - In the Matter of the Application of Rocky
      Mountain Power for Approval of Large-Load Service Contract Between PacifiCorp
      and a Large-Load Customer
      Rocky Mountain Power’s Application

Pursuant to Utah Code § 54-26-301 and Utah Administrative Code R746-318-201, PacifiCorp
d/b/a Rocky Mountain Power (“Rocky Mountain Power” or the “Company”) hereby submits this
application (“Application”) requesting an order from the Public Service Commission of Utah
(“Commission”) approving the large-load service contract between Rocky Mountain Power and a
large load customer as that term is defined in Utah Code § 54-26-101.

The Company’s Application is accompanied by the direct testimonies, exhibits and workpapers of
Messrs. Craig M. Eller, Thomas R. Burns and Ramon J. Mitchell. The Company has identified
confidential and highly confidential information throughout the filing. Confidential information is
provided pursuant to the procedures set forth in R746-1-601 and 602. Highly confidential
information is restricted to regulator access only pursuant to R746-318-103(2). The Company has
uploaded the following unredacted highly confidential files to the Commission’s SFTP site:

   •   Direct Testimony of Craig M. Eller HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL
        o  Exhibit RMP__(CME-1) – Large Load Service Contract HIGHLY
          CONFIDENTIAL
        o  Exhibit RMP__(CME-2) – System Impact Study HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL
        o  Exhibit RMP__(CME-3) – Large Load Construction Agreement HIGHLY
          CONFIDENTIAL
        o  Eller workpaper (1 excel file) HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL
   •   Direct Testimony of Thomas R. Burns HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL
        o  Burns workpapers (4 Excel files) HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL
   •   Direct Testimony of Ramon J. Mitchell HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL

The Company has also uploaded a confidential version of the files, where applicable, to the
Commission’s SFTP site. In the confidential versions, highly confidential information is redactedUtah Public Service Commission
February 10, 2026
Page 2

and confidential information is unredacted. The confidential version will be provided to a party that
is granted intervention in this proceeding and executes a non-disclosure agreement.

   •   Direct Testimony of Craig M. Eller CONFIDENTIAL
   •   Direct Testimony of Thomas R. Burns CONFIDENTIAL
   •   Direct Testimony of Ramon J. Mitchell CONFIDENTIAL

The Company notes that Utah Code Ann. § 54-26-302(4) requires the Commission to issue an order
within 60 days of filing. Given the compressed timeframe, the Company’s Application presents a
proposed procedural schedule, which was developed in coordination with the Division of Public
Utilities and Office of Consumer Services.

Informal inquiries may be directed to Max Backlund at (801) 220-3121.

Sincerely,


Jana Saba
Director, Regulatory Affairs                  CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

                            Docket No. 26-035-05

I hereby certify that on February 10, 2026, a true and correct copy of the foregoing was
served by electronic mail to the following:

 Utah Office of Consumer Services
 Michele Beck             mbeck@utah.gov
                          ocs@utah.gov
 Division of Public Utilities
                            dpudatarequest@utah.gov
 Assistant Attorney General
 Patricia Schmid            pschmid@agutah.gov
 Robert Moore             rmoore@agutah.gov
 Patrick Grecu              pgrecu@agutah.gov
 Rocky Mountain Power
 Data Request Response      datarequest@pacificorp.com
 Center
 Jana Saba                  jana.saba@pacificorp.com
                            utahdockets@pacificorp.com
 Max Backlund             max.backlund@pacificorp.com
 Katherine Smith            Katherine.smith@pacificorp.com
 Tiffanie Ellis-Burke          Tiffanie.ellis-burke@pacificorp.com


                                  _____________________________
                                         Carrie Meyer
                                    Manager, Discovery & Regulatory Operations





                                    1Katherine T. Smith
Tiffanie A. Ellis-Burke
Rocky Mountain Power
1407 W. North Temple, Suite 320
Salt Lake City, Utah 84116
Telephone: (435) 776-6980
E-mail: katherine.smith@pacificorp.com

Attorneys for Rocky Mountain Power

        BEFORE THE PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION OF UTAH


                                                                   )
                                                                   )   Docket No. 26-035-05
In the Matter of the Application of Rocky                                                                   )
Mountain Power for Approval of Large-Load                                                                   )  APPLICATIONService Contract Between PacifiCorp and a Large-                                                                   )Load Customer                                                                   )
                                                                   )
                                                                   )


       PacifiCorp d/b/a Rocky Mountain Power (“Rocky Mountain Power” or the “Company”)

hereby submits  this  application (“Application”)  for an order from  the Public Service

Commission of Utah (“Commission”) approving the large-load service contract (“Proposed

LLSC”) between Rocky Mountain Power and a large-load customer (“Customer”). Customer

is a large load customer as defined in Utah Code § 54-26-101, and the Company is making this

Application pursuant to Utah Code § 54-26-301 and Utah Administrative Code R746-318-201.

Pursuant to the Proposed LLSC, the Company will provide all of Customer’s electric service

requirements, which exceed 100 megawatts (“MW”), and will be the exclusive provider of

energy service to Customer’s facility in Utah.

     As this Application and the supporting testimonies filed herewith demonstrate, the

Proposed LLSC complies with the requirements of Utah Code Title 54 Chapter 26 (“Large Load

Act”), and Utah Administrative Code R746-318 et seq. (“Large Load Rules”); Customer will


APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                               1bear all just and reasonable incremental costs attributable to receiving electric service under the

Proposed LLSC; and the Company’s existing ratepayers will not bear any costs that are justly

and reasonably attributable to Customer. In fact, existing customers will benefit from the

Proposed LLSC, as revenues from the agreement will be shared with retail customers through

credits to be paid by Customer and applied to customer rates through the general rate case and

Utah Energy Balancing Account.

       In support of this Application, the Company states as follows:

        1.     PacifiCorp is an Oregon corporation that provides electric service to customers

in the states of Utah, Wyoming, and Idaho through its Rocky Mountain Power division. Rocky

Mountain Power is a public utility in the state of Utah and is subject to the jurisdiction of the

Commission with respect to its rates and service.

        2.     Communications regarding this Application should be sent to:

               Max Backlund
                   Utah Regulatory Affairs Manager
                 Rocky Mountain Power
                  1407 W. North Temple, Suite 310
                       Salt Lake City, UT 84116
                     E-mail: max.backlund@pacificorp.com

                     Katherine T. Smith
                      Tiffanie A. Ellis-Burke
                 Rocky Mountain Power
                  1407 W. North Temple, Suite 320
                       Salt Lake City, UT 84116
                    Telephone: (435) 776-6980
                     E-mail: katherine.smith@pacificorp.com
                              tiffanie.ellis-burke@pacificorp.com


In addition, the Company respectfully requests that all data requests regarding this matter be
addressed to:

     By e-mail (preferred):       datarequest@pacificorp.com


APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                               2     By regular mail:            Data Request Response Center
                                   PacifiCorp
                              825 NE Multnomah St, Suite 2000
                                     Portland, Oregon 97232

       Informal inquiries related to this Application may be directed to Max Backlund, Utah

Regulatory Affairs Manager, at (801) 220-3121.

                                          I.   BACKGROUND

        3.   A large load customer made a large-scale service request prior to May 7, 2025.

The Company subsequently completed a system impact study and associated designated

network load study to determine the necessary infrastructure, costs, and timeline to serve the

request at the site.

        4.    The Company determined it could serve the requested load, which exceeds 100

MW, at the site.

        5.    On January 20, 2026, the Company and Customer executed the Proposed

LLSC, pursuant to which the Company will provide electric service to meet all of Customer’s

projected electrical requirements at the site.

        6.   A copy of the Proposed LLSC is being provided as Regulatory Access Only –

Highly Confidential – Subject to Utah Public Service Commission Rule 746-318-103,

RMP___(CME-1) to the Direct Testimony of Craig M. Eller.

        7.    The  Proposed LLSC  satisfies  both  the  statutory  and  administrative

requirements for large load contracts set forth under Utah Annotated Code §§ 54-26-101

through  54-26-901  and  Utah  Administrative  Rules  R746-318,  Large  Scale  Electric

Requirements, effective January 1, 2026.

        8.     Consistent with Utah Code § 54-26-301(8), the Proposed LLSC is being filed

for Commission approval within 15 business days of execution.


APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                               3        9.    As demonstrated in this Application and supporting testimony, the Proposed

LLSC satisfies this requirement.

       10.   To support this Application and as evidence that the Proposed LLSC meets

these  requirements,  the Company  is submitting  the following supporting  confidential

testimonies:

             •     Craig M. Eller, Senior Vice President, Business Development and
                  Customer Experience for the Company, describes the Proposed LLSC
                   and demonstrates that it satisfies the statutory requirements for large
                     load contract;

             •    Ramon J. Mitchell, Managing Director, Energy Supply Management
                    Finance and Net Power Costs, describes the Company’s proposal for
                     maintaining  separate  accounting  records   to  demonstrate   that
                     incremental costs associated with this Application are directly assigned
                       to the large load customer; and

             •    Thomas  R.  Burns,  Vice  President,  Resource  Planning  and
                      Acquisitions, demonstrates  that the Company’s resource  portfolio,
                      factoring in the proposed load service and the additional resources and
                   market purchases needed to provide that service, will be as reliable as
                      the 2025 IRP preferred portfolio and that increased system costs will be
                        less than revenues received from Customer during the term of the
                   Proposed LLSC.

       11.   As this Application and the attached testimony demonstrate, the terms of the

Proposed LLSC  are  just and  reasonable,  consistent with  statutory and  administrative

requirements for large load contracts and are expected to result in benefits to the Company’s

existing ratepayers over the life of the agreement. Because the Proposed LLSC satisfies all

statutory and regulatory requirements and presents a material benefit to Utah customers, the

Company requests the Commission approve the Proposed LLSC.

                                     II.   LEGAL STANDARD

       12.    In March 2025, the Utah Legislature enacted Senate Bill 132 (“SB 132”), which

created requirements for providing electrical service to large-scale electrical loads. SB 132 was


APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                               4intended to address the Legislature’s policy objective of attracting new large load investments

to the State of Utah and capturing economic benefits of such investments for Utah citizens. SB

132, now the Large Load Act, was codified in Utah Code title 54 chapter 26 and took effect in

May 2025.

       13.   The Large Load Act provides a mechanism whereby large load customers can

request service from Rocky Mountain Power, as a qualified electric utility, or a large-scale

generation provider, and enter a “large load service contract.”1

       14.   The Large Load Act also sets out requirements for large load service contracts

that require transmission service, including that the large load customer shall bear all costs for

interconnection and transmission-related  studies; interconnection upgrades, transmission

upgrades, network upgrades, distribution system upgrades, or system upgrades; transmission

service rates in the transmission provider’s open access transmission tariff (“OATT”); ancillary

services; balancing services; and backup services. These costs must be borne by the customer

to the fullest extent allowable under applicable federal law and regulations.2

       15.   To ensure retail ratepayers do not bear costs attributable to the large load

customer or for transmission upgrades appropriately allocated to the large load customer, the

Large Load Act requires the Company to maintain separate accounting records and take

reasonable measures to ensure costs are properly allocated.3

       16.   Upon execution of a contract with a large load customer, Rocky Mountain

Power must file an application to the Commission for review and approval of the contract

within 15 business days of execution of the contract.4

________________________
1 Utah Code Ann. § 54-26-201.
2 Utah Code § 54-26-503.
3 Utah Code § 54-26-601.
4 See Utah Code Ann. § 54-26-302; Utah Public Service Commission Rule 746-318-201(1) and (2).

APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                               5       17.   An application for approval of a large load contract must (1) provide evidence

that demonstrates the customer meets the statutory definition and all other requirements of a

large load customer in the Large Load Act; (2) attach a copy of the large load contract,

appropriately redacted consistent with the Large Load Rules; (3) provide a description of how

the proposed use will impact the Company’s system; and (4) provide information describing

the incremental costs necessary to serve the customer as described in Utah Public Service

Commission Rule 746-318-201(4)(d).

       18.   The Commission must approve the submitted application  if  it finds, by a

preponderance of the evidence, that the contract complies with the regulatory and statutory

requirements, that “the large load customer bears all just and reasonable incremental costs

attributable to receiving the requested electric service,” and that the utility’s existing ratepayers

will not “bear costs justly and reasonably attributable to providing electric service for the large

load customer.”5

       19.   The Proposed LLSC is a “large load contract” because the contract involves a

request for new electric service with a cumulative demand of 100 MW or greater and the

Proposed LLSC is with a qualified electric utility, the Company.6 Accordingly, the Company

provides the following information and attached exhibit for the Commission’s review and

approval.

                           III.  SUMMARY OF PROPOSED LLSC

       20.    Under  the Proposed LLSC,  the Company  has  agreed  to  provide  full-

requirements retail service to Customer for an initial term and year-to-year thereafter until



________________________
5 Utah Code Ann. § 54-26-302(2); Utah Public Service Commission Rule 746-318-202.
6 Utah Code Ann. § 54-26-101(12).

APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                               6either party terminates the Proposed LLSC. The Company will be the exclusive service

provider of electricity to Customer’s facility.

       21.     If the Proposed LLSC is granted, the Company will provide Customer more

than 100 MW of firm service.

       22.   The Company will design, construct,  install, and operate certain service

improvements for delivery to Customer, which the Company will own, lease, or contract for

the duration of Proposed LLSC term. And the Company will procure the generation assets

necessary to provide Customer’s requested service.

       23.    Delivery facilities have been fully paid for and were completed on/before

December 31, 2025. No network transmission upgrades are required to accommodate the load

service.

       24.   The Company will  initially procure sufficient generation through market

purchases in the summers of 2026 and 2027. Thereafter, the Company will procure adequate

resource capacity for the remainder of the Proposed LLSC. Company witness Mr. Burns

discusses the Company’s modeling of these additional resources and the impacts on the

reliability and cost effectiveness of the Company’s system with these proposed resources as

compared to the 2025 IRP.

       25.    Customer will pay the Company a monthly Reservation Charge, Energy

Charges associated with usage, and applicable surcharges and taxes. Through this structure,

Customer will reimburse the Company for all costs associated with providing electric power

intended to meet Customer’s demand.

       26.   The Reservation Charge is a fixed-cost charge to compensate the Company for

the costs of its investments and service to Customer. The revenue from the Reservation Charge



APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                               7will be removed from the Company’s revenue requirement and net power costs. In addition,

the costs of the Customer load facilities, bridging market capacity purchases, incremental

generation resources, and the Company’s return will be removed from revenue requirements

to prevent any subsidization from existing customers. The Energy Charge will result in a

benefit to existing customers, as described by Company witness Mr. Eller. The applicable

surcharges and taxes are based on their established rates and will result in benefits to existing

customers and Utah residents, as described by Company witness Mr. Eller.

       27.   The Company’s other customers are expected to benefit from this transaction

in several ways. First, all Company customers will benefit from the economic re-dispatch of

the system. Second, Utah customers will benefit from Customer contributions to applicable

surcharges and riders. Third, Utah residents and the state will benefit from state and local tax

revenue through the contract term. The Company will share these benefits with its customers

while taking the steps described herein to protect customers from the costs and risks of the

transaction. Company witness Mr. Eller discusses these customer benefits in detail in his Direct

Testimony.

          IV.  IMPACT ON ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER’S SYSTEM

       28.   The impacts on the Company’s system were identified through a system impact

study, which assessed the impact of then-planned load on the system.

       29.   The system impact study identified the interconnection upgrades and direct

assigned  all costs to the requesting customer. The system impact study and associated

designated network load study found that no further transmission or distribution upgrades were

required to provide service in excess of 100 MW to the site.





APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                               8       30.   The Company will be using its Network Integration Transmission Service

(“NITS”) to serve the Customer’s facilities, which will be designated as a network load. Any

transmission voltage-related contribution from the Customer can be viewed as a pure cost

offset to existing retail customers.

       31.    There will be some shared facilities costs, of which Customer agrees to pay its

proportionate share based on the full amount of its contracted demand.

                 V.   LARGE LOAD INCREMENTAL COSTS

       32.   By design the Proposed LLSC ensures that existing customers are either held

harmless or will benefit from the Company’s service to Customer through the Reservation and

Energy Charges, applicable surcharges and riders, and additional payment of incremental

costs.

       33.    In addition to the Reservation and Energy Charges, Customer will reimburse

the Company for all incremental costs of serving Customer’s load.

       34.   The Proposed LLSC presents several categories of incremental costs. They

include incremental energy costs used by the Customer facilities, incremental interconnection

costs used by the Customer facilities, and incremental capacity-related costs, including costs

for offsetting peak demand, ancillary services, supplying reserves, resource adequacy, and

resource sufficiency.

       35.   The Company will use its point of metering at the Customer premises for billing

of all firm power and energy to be delivered to the facilities, as well as surcharges and riders.

       36.    Because the meter will be beyond the point of delivery, transformers and other

losses occurring between the point of delivery and the meter will be computed and added to

the meter readings to determine the demand and energy consumption.



APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                               9   VI.  METHODOLOGY FOR EXCLUDING INCREMENTAL COSTS FROM
                        RETAIL RATES

       37.   The Company  has  developed  a methodology  for  maintaining  separate

accounting records with sufficient detail to demonstrate that costs will be directly assigned to

Customer. By applying this methodology, the Company will protect existing retail customers

from subsidizing Customer’s energy, capacity and transmission costs. Company witness Mr.

Mitchell discusses these accounting methodologies in detail in his Direct Testimony.

       38.    Although the methodology for maintaining distinct accounting records differs

slightly across the different types of incremental costs, generally the Company will track all

charges at a granular level and will make all records available for audit and review by the

Commission in its discretion.

       39.    Additionally, the Company will make a credit toward the cost of service in each

rate case equal to the amount of the Energy Charge to be applied to the total forecasted

Customer energy charge against the forecasted net power costs. This credit will help offset the

incremental costs associated with Customer’s energy usage, ensuring that these costs are

removed from the net power cost calculation used to set rates for other customers. Similarly,

in Utah Energy Balancing Account filings, the Company will apply a credit equal to the actual

Customer invoiced energy charge against the actual net power costs. This will help ensure that

the incremental costs related to meeting Customer’s load are excluded from the EBA recovery

mechanism, so that other customers do not bear any portion of these costs.

       40.   The Company will manage costs associated with capacity and related charges

by procuring market energy initially but within two years will procure resources to increase

overall system capacity so the Company can reliably serve all customers. The costs for these

resources will be excluded from the cost of service and net power cost forecasts in general rate


APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                              10cases and will not be included in the actual cost of service in the Utah Energy Balancing

Account. This will help ensure that existing customers do not bear any portion of these

incremental costs.

       41.   The result of these practices will be a verifiable accounting of costs incurred

because of the Proposed LLSC and a process that ensures Customer bears those costs. The

credits will ultimately result in an overall cumulative benefit to existing retail customers.

However, should payments be insufficient to cover the Company’s actual cost, existing

customers will be held harmless, and any revenue shortage will remain excluded from the Utah

Energy Balancing Account and General Rate Cases.

               VII.  ADDITIONAL OBLIGATIONS OF CUSTOMER

       42.    In addition to the requirements and payments discussed above, Customer is also

obligated to comply with the Company’s tariffs, procedures, specifications, and requirements,

and to provide certain assurances to shield the Company and its customers from financial and

other risks.

       43.    In particular, Customer agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the

Company against claims, demands, suits, losses, costs, and damages. It also agrees to carry

qualifying insurance coverage as outlined in the Proposed LLSC and provide certificates of

insurance when the Company requires.

       44.    Customer will meet the credit requirements or provide credit assurances as set

forth in the Proposed LLSC, will bear the costs associated with such compliance, and must

provide audited financial statements to the Company upon request.

       45.    Customer agrees to take service only from the Company and to isolate itself

from any newly installed connected or closed private generation systems. Customer also agrees

it will notify the Company of its intent to increase its electric consumption or to make any

APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                              11significant change in load characteristics or installations in a manner that would exceed the

demand specific in the Proposed LLSC or that could impact the Company’s electric system.

Customer agrees to provide the Company an opportunity to serve that new load. If the

Company elects not to, or is unable to serve the customers’ new load, Customer may seek

service from a connected or closed private generation system but must do so in a manner that

is electrically isolated from the Company’s system and other facilities at or behind the meter.

     VIII. COMPLIANCE WITH LARGE LOAD ADMINISTRATIVE RULES

       46.   The Proposed LLSC complies with the Utah Administrative Rules R746-318,

Large Scale Electric Requirements, effective January 1, 2026. The testimonies of Messrs. Eller,

Mitchell, and Burns address the regulatory requirements, as follows:

       47.   As required by R746-318-20(1), Mr. Eller’s testimony attaches a full and

unredacted copy of the Proposed LLSC marked Regulator Access Only—Highly Confidential,

as permitted by R746-318-103.

    a) Mr. Eller’s testimony also includes evidence that Customer meets the Large-Scale

        Electric Service Requirements, R746-318-201(4)(a); information describing the large

       load incremental costs necessary for Customer to receive electric service, including

       each category of costs set out in the rule, R746-318-201(4)(d); and information

       regarding Customer’s transmission costs, R746-318-301(3).

    b) Mr. Burns’ testimony provides a description of how the Proposed LLSC will impact

       the Company’s system, R746-318-201(4)(c).

    c) Mr. Mitchell’s testimony provides the Company’s methodology for maintaining

       separate accounting records with sufficient detail to demonstrate that costs will be

        directly assigned to the large load customer, R746-318-201(6), and the method by

      which costs for the provision of electric service under the Proposed LLSC will be

APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                              12       excluded from rates paid by retail customers, Utah Code § 54-26-602(4)(c) and R746-

       318-201(7).

                        IX.  PROCEDURAL SCHEDULE

       48.    Utah Code Ann. § 54-26-302(4) requires the Commission to issue an order

within 60 days of filing. Given the compressed timeframe, the Company developed a proposed

procedural schedule in coordination with the Division of Public Utilities (“Division”) and

Office of Consumer Services (“Office”). The Company proposes the Commission set a

schedule as follows: Non-Applicant Direct Testimony due March 3, 2026; all-party rebuttal

testimony due March 10, 2026; a hearing on March 17, 2026; and discovery turnaround of five

calendar days. The Division and Office have given the Company permission to represent that

they support this procedural schedule.

                             X.   CONCLUSION

       49.    Requirements of the Large Load Act and Large Load Rules are addressed in

Direct Testimonies of Company witnesses Mr. Eller, Mr. Mitchell, and Mr. Burns.

       50.   The prices, terms, and conditions of the Proposed LLSC are consistent with the

Large Load Act.

       51.   The Customer bears all just and reasonable, incremental costs attributable to

receiving the requested electric service.

       52.   The Proposed LLSC  satisfies  all  applicable requirements  for  large-load

contracts under Large Load Act and Large Load Rules.

       53.   Commission approval will serve the public interest by facilitating large load

development and securing beneficial revenues for the Company’s retail customers, while

ensuring that existing ratepayers share no portion of the incremental costs associated with the

Proposed LLSC.

APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                              13       54.   The Company seeks the Commission’s approval of the Proposed LLSC and

respectfully requests the Commission adopt the proposed procedural schedule to facilitate the

60-day timeframe set out in Utah Code Ann. § 54-26-302.

WHEREFORE, the Company respectfully requests that the Commission issue an order:

         a.  Issue a Scheduling Order that reflects the procedural schedule proposed herein;

        b.  Issue an order within 60 days that includes a finding that the terms and conditions

           of the Proposed LLSC to be just, reasonable, and in the public interest;

         c.  Approving the Parties’ Proposed LLSC, as executed January 20, 2026; and

        d.  Granting such other and further relief as the Commission may deem just and proper.




    DATED this 10th day of February, 2026.
                                           Respectfully submitted,
                          ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER


                                    ______________________________
                                         Katherine T. Smith
                                    1407 West North Temple, Suite 320
                                               Salt Lake City, Utah 84116
                                        katherine.smith@pacificorp.com

                                          Attorney for Rocky Mountain Power





APPLICATION OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN POWER                              14