
===PAGE 1===
260630083
Case Number (if already assigned) PUR-2026-00056
Case Name (if known)
EXTEDocument Type
Document Description Summary
231Total Number of Pages
38238Submission ID
eFiling Date Stamp 6/11/2026 4:36:15PM
Application of Virginia Electric and Power Company.
For approval of a rate adjustment clause pursuant to § 
56-585.1 A 4 of the Code of Virginia
Pre-Filed Testimony of Old Dominion Electric 
Cooperative
Virginia State Corporation Commission 
eFiling CASE Document Cover Sheet

===PAGE 2===
260630083
PRE-FILED DIRECT TESTIMONY OF
ERIC R. DEMBEK
ON BEHALF OF
OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE
CASE NO. PUR-2026-00056
FILED: June 11, 2026
BEFORE THE VIRGINIA STATE 
CORPORATION COMMISSION

===PAGE 3===
260630083
Summary of the Pre-Filed Direct Testimony of Eric R. Dembek
My testimony, filed on behalf of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative (“ODEC”), describes how 
large-load customers can pay for all electric facilities required to serve them through contributions 
in aid of construction (“CIAC”). I also explain how CIAC payments impact the Network 
Integration Transmission Service ("NITS”) rates that large-load customers will pay.
The Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission ("PA PUC”) recently issued a Final Order approving 
a model tariff for large-load customers ("PA Model Tariff’). The PA Model Tariff requires the 
utility to assess CIAC to recover all distribution and transmission costs necessary to interconnect 
the large-load customer. Further, the PA Model Tariff provides that, “[i]f a Network Improvement 
would not have been needed ‘but for’ the interconnection of the Large Load Customer, then the 
costs of the upgrade will be allocated to that customer irrespective of whether other customers will 
benefit from it.”
NITS is a type of transmission service offered under the PJM Open Access Transmission Tariff 
and is a demand-based charge designed to recover the costs of new connections, upgrading 
common grid facilities, and maintaining and operating all high-voltage transmission infrastructure 
used to transmit power across the grid to customer facilities. The NITS charge is determined by 
each utility within PJM, subject to approval by FERC.
FERC has recognized that the NITS charges include charges for new facilities intended to connect 
new customers. As a result, FERC determined that if a customer pays CIAC and the full NITS 
charge, the customer will pay for the capital cost of the new facilities twice. This double payment 
is known as ‘and’ pricing. Therefore, when a customer pays for facilities through CIAC, the 
customer must also pay a NITS charge that is adjusted to remove the capital cost of the new 
facilities being constructed for the customer. This avoids ‘and’ pricing and ensures the customer 
pays all the costs the customer causes.
CIAC is a payment, asset, or other contribution provided to the utility by a customer, developer, 
governmental entity, or other third party to fund all or a portion of utility infrastructure necessary 
to provide service. CIAC treatment is widely recognized and utilized across regulated utility 
industries, including electric, natural gas, and water utilities. Large-load customers generally 
require substantial utility investments that exceed the level contemplated in standard utility rates. 
CIAC treatment ensures that the costs associated with those customer-specific facilities are borne 
by the customer creating the need for the investment rather than existing ratepayers that are not 
causing the need for the investment.

===PAGE 4===
260630083
PRE-FILED DIRECT TESTIMONY OF
ERIC R. DEMBEK
BEFORE THE VIRGINIA STATE CORPORATION COMMISSION
CASE NO. PlJR-2026-00056
JUNE 11,2026
1 Ql. PLEASE STATE YOUR NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS.
My name is Eric R. Dembek. My business address is 1850 Parkway Place, Suite 800,2 A.
Marietta, GA 30067.1 am a Director at GDS Associates, Inc. (“GDS”).3
4 Q2. PLEASE DESCRIBE GDS ASSOCIATES, INC.
GDS is an engineering and consulting firm with offices in Marietta, Georgia; Austin,5 A.
Texas; Auburn, Alabama; Bedford, New Hampshire; Augusta, Maine; Orlando, Florida;6
Folsom, California; Redmond, Washington; and Madison, Wisconsin. GDS has over7
200 employees with backgrounds in engineering, accounting, management, economics,8
finance, and statistics. GDS provides rate and regulatory consulting services in the electric,9
natural gas, water, and telephone utility industries. GDS also provides consulting services10
for electric utilities including power supply planning, generation support services, financial11
analysis, load forecasting, engineering and design services. Our clients are primarily12
publicly owned utilities, municipalities, customers of privately owned utilities, groups or13
associations of customers, and government agencies.14
ON BEHALF OF
OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE

===PAGE 5===
260630083
1 Q3. PLEASE SUMMARIZE YOUR EDUCATION EXPERIENCE.
I earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and Finance from the University of2 A.
Illinois at Chicago in Chicago, Illinois, in 2008. Additionally, I earned a Master of Science3
in Taxation degree from DePaul University, Kellstadt Graduate School of Business in4
Chicago, Illinois in 2012.1 am a Certified Public Accountant licensed in Illinois.5
6 Q4. PLEASE BRIEFLY DESCRIBE YOUR PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE.
I am an accounting and rate specialist with 15 years of experience in regulatory accounting7 A.
and cost-of-service (“COS”) ratemaking matters within the electric and natural gas8
industries. I joined GDS in April 2026 as a Director in the Rates & Regulatory department.9
Since joining GDS, I have provided expert accounting and tax analysis, as well as rate10
reviews of costs included in the revenue requirements of electric utility companies for11
purposes of retail and wholesale ratemaking.12
Prior to joining GDS, I worked for CenterPoint Energy (“CenterPoint”) as a Tax13
Director from 2024 through 2026, serving in a leadership role within the tax department14
supporting multiple electric and natural gas utilities. CenterPoint owns and operates six15
regulated utilities across Texas, Indiana, Minnesota, and Ohio.16
Prior to CenterPoint, I worked for Exelon Corporation (“Exelon”) from 201117
through 2024 within the tax department supporting multiple electric and natural gas18
utilities. Exelon owns and operates six regulated utilities across Illinois, Pennsylvania, New19
Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, and Washington, D.C.20
Throughout my career at CenterPoint and Exelon, I supported transmission revenue21
requirement filings and distribution rate proceedings, including matters involving historical22
2

===PAGE 6===
260630083
test years, fully projected test years and multi-year rate plans. A statement of my1
background and qualifications and is attached to my testimony as Attachment ERD-1.2
3 Q5. ON WHOSE BEHALF ARE YOU TESTIFYING IN THIS PROCEEDING?
I am testifying on behalf of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative (“ODEC”).4 A.
5 Q6. PLEASE PROVIDE AN OVERVIEW OF OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC
6 COOPERATIVE.
ODEC was incorporated in 1948 as a not-for-profit wholesale power supply cooperative.7 A.
ODEC is organized for the purpose of supplying the power its Members require to serve8
their member-customers (“Member-Customers”) on a cost-effective basis. ODEC has9
eleven distribution cooperative members (“Members”) that serve Member-Customers in10
70 Counties in Virginia. Delaware, and Maryland. Through its Members. ODEC serves11
approximately 630,000 retail electric customers (meters), representing a total population12
of approximately 1.5 million people. ODEC is subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal13
Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”).14
Eight of ODEC’s Members have certificated sendee territories within the15
Dominion Zone (“DOM Zone”): BARC Electric Cooperative, Community Electric16
Cooperative, Mecklenburg Electric Cooperative, Northern Neck Electric Cooperative,17
Prince George Electric Cooperative, Rappahannock Electric Cooperative (“REC”),18
Shenandoah Valley Electric Cooperative, and Southside Electric Cooperative19
(collectively, “DOM Zone Members”). ODEC’s DOM Zone Members are subject to the20
jurisdiction of the State Corporation Commission (“Commission”).21
3

===PAGE 7===
260630083
1 Q7. WHAT IS THE SCOPE AND PURPOSE OF YOUR TESTIMONY IN THIS
2 PROCEEDING?
The scope of my testimony is to describe how large-load customers can pay for all electric3 A.
facilities required to serve them through contributions in aid of construction (“CIAC”). I4
will also explain how CIAC payments impact the Network Integration Transmission5
Service ("NITS”) rates that large-load customers will pay.6
7 Q8. WAS YOUR TESTIMONY PREPARED BY YOU OR UNDER YOUR DIRECT
8 SUPERVISION AND CONTROL?
9 A. Yes.
CONTRIBUTION IN AID OF CONSTRUCTION10
11 Q9. WHAT IS CIAC?
CIAC is a payment, asset, or other contribution provided to a utility by a customer,12 A.
developer, governmental entity, or other third party to fund all or a portion of the utility13
infrastructure necessary to provide service. CIAC commonly arises in situations involving14
service to new developments, line extensions, system upgrades, relocations, or special-15
purpose facilities.16
17 Q10. WHY ARE CIACS REQUIRED?
CIACs are required when the cost to serve a specific customer exceeds the level that can18 A.
be economically justified through standard utility rates. In such cases, requiring a19
4

===PAGE 8===
260630083
contribution ensures that existing ratepayers do not subsidize infrastructure constructed1
1primarily to serve new or incremental load.2
3 Qll. IN WHAT SITUATIONS ARE CIACS TYPICALLY APPLIED?
CIACs are commonly applied to extensions of electric, natural gas, or water systems4 A.
serving new developments or customers, requests for capacity increases beyond standard5
service levels, and infrastructure constructed specifically to accommodate a customer or6
group of customers.7
8 Q12. IS CIAC TREATMENT COMMONLY UTILIZED WITHIN REGULATED
9 UTILITIES?
Yes. CIAC treatment is widely recognized and utilized across regulated utility industries,10 A.
including electric, natural gas, and water utilities.11
12 Q13. HOW IS THE CIAC AMOUNT DETERMINED?
CIAC generally represents the total cost of constructing the required facilities, including,13 A.
but not limited to, design, engineering, construction, materials, labor, overheads, and other14
associated costs necessary to provide service, plus any income tax related gross-up charges15
the utility expects to incur as a result of receiving the CIAC, if it is determined to be16
taxable.217
i
5
See, e.g., Pricing Policy for New and Existing Facilities Constructed by Interstate Natural Gas Pipelines, 71 
FERCH 61,241 (1995).
2 San Diego Gas & Electric Company, 180 FERC H 61,095 at P. 15 (2022).

===PAGE 9===
260630083
1 Q14. WHAT IS THE ACCOUNTING TREATMENT OF THE UTILITIES UPFRONT
2 COSTS PRIOR TO THE RECEIPT OF CIAC?
When the utility incurs upfront construction costs, it generally records a debit to Account3 A.
107, Construction Work in Progress (“CWIP”), and a corresponding credit to Account 131,4
Cash, or Account 232, Accounts Payable.5
6 Q15. WHAT IS THE ACCOUNTING TREATMENT FOR CIACS?
Upon receipt of the CIAC reimbursement, the utility generally records a debit to Account7 A.
131, Cash or Account 143, Other Account Receivable, and a corresponding credit to8
Account 107 CWIP, resulting in no remaining CWIP balance associated with the specific9
project. This reduces the total cost of the project to the utility and complies with the federal10
requirement that Electric Plant in Service be recorded at cost.311
12 Q16. WHAT IS THE RATEMAKING TREATMENT THAT FOLLOWS FROM THE
13 ACCOUNTING TREATMENT FOR CIACS?
The accounting treatment of CIACs results in corresponding ratemaking treatment under14 A.
which CIAC-funded plant is excluded from rate base. Accordingly, the utility does not earn15
a return on facilities funded through CIAC because shareholders did not provide the capital16
supporting those assets.417
6
3 18 C.F.R. Part 101, Electric Plant Instruction No. 2(D).
4 “Since the CIAC represents construction and property acquisition at no cost to the company it does not seem
equitable that customers should pay, as now allowed through depreciation, a recovery of investment not belonging 
to stockholders. This elimination does nothing to prevent such stockholders from earning upon the actual dollars that 
they invested.” AMENDMENTS TO THE UNIFORM SYSTEM OF ACCOUNTS FOR PUBLIC UTILITIES AND 
LICENSEES AND NATURAL GAS COMPANIES (ALL CLASSES) AND TO RELATED REPORT FORMS
CONCERNING CONTRIBUTIONS IN AID OF CONSTRUCTION, 50 F.P.C. 540, 541 (1973).

===PAGE 10===
260630083
1 Q17. WHY IS THIS RATEMAKING TREATMENT APPROPRIATE?
This treatment is appropriate because utility rates are intended to compensate utilities for2 A.
prudently incurred investments financed by investors. If the investors do not provide the3
funding for utility infrastructure, no shareholder investment exists to justify the recovery4
of a regulated return.5 Excluding third-party-funded investments from rate base prevents5
over-recovery from customers.6
7 Q18. WHY IS CIAC APPROPRIATE FOR LARGE-LOAD CUSTOMERS?
Large-load customers generally require substantial utility investments that exceed the level8 A.
contemplated in standard utility rates. CIAC treatment ensures that the costs associated9
with those customer-specific facilities are borne by the customer creating the need for the10
investment rather than existing ratepayers that are not causing the need for the investment.611
12 Q19. HAVE ANY OTHER JURISDICTIONS RECENTLY APPROVED CIAC
13 TREATMENT FOR TRANSMISSION FACILITIES SERVING LARGE-LOAD
14 CUSTOMERS?
Yes. On May 12, 2026, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission (“PA PUC”) issued a15 A.
Final Order approving a model tariff for large load customers at or over 50 MW16
individually or 100 MW in the aggregate (“PA Model Tariff’).7 The PA PUC stated that,17
7
5 “Time-honored precedent recognizes a utility's right to earn a fair return on investor-contributed capital (rate base). 
It follows then that a utility is not entitled to earn a return on that portion of rate base financed by sources other than 
the owner's capital.” Distrigas of Massachusetts Corp. Distrigas Corp., 18 FERC 63,036, 65,112 (1982).
6 This assumes the large-load customer will pay the correct portion of Network Integration Transmission Service 
charges, as discussed later in my testimony.
7 Interconnection and Tariffs for Large Load Customers, Docket No. M-2025-3054271, Final Order (May 12, 2026) 
(“PA PUC Final Order”). See Attachment ERD-2 for the PA PUC Fmal Order.

===PAGE 11===
260630083
“[gjiven the unprecedented nature of this load growth, we find that the [PA PUCJ’s1
approach to cost allocation must adapt to shield ratepayers from socialization of costs that2
are properly attributed to Large Load Customers.”8 The PA Model Tariff assesses CIAC3
on large-load customers based on a “but for” causation methodology.94
5 Q20. PLEASE DESCRIBE THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE PA MODEL TARIFF.
The PA Model Tariff requires large-load customers to pay a fee for interconnection6 A.
facilities costs and network improvement costs through CIAC:7
The PA Model Tariff requires the utility to assess CIAC to recover all distribution and16
transmission costs necessary to interconnect the large-load customer.11 Like the PA PUC,17
the Commission should require Dominion to assess CIAC to each large-load customer for18
all transmission facilities required to interconnect the customer.19
8
8
9 
10
11
12
13
14
15
Large Load Customers are subject to a fee for Interconnection Facilities 
costs and Network Improvement Costs through CIAC. The Company will 
assess CIAC for Large Load Customer additions to recover all distribution 
and transmission costs necessary to interconnect the new Large Load 
Customer. If a Network Improvement would not have been needed “but for” 
the interconnection of the Large Load Customer, then the costs of the 
upgrade will be allocated to that customer irrespective of whether other 
customers will benefit from it.10
8 PA PUC Final Order at 42-43.
9 PA PUC Final Order at 42 (“The only exception to this is for any upgrades or additions that were already planned 
by the EDC pursuant to a Commission-approved Long-Term Infrastructure Improvement Plan (LTIIP) before the 
Large Load Customer requested service.”).
10 PA Model Tariff at Other Matters, (b) Contributions in Aid of Construction (CIAC), page 129 of the PA PUC 
Final Order.
11 PA PUC Final Order at 42 (“The only exception to this is for any upgrades or additions that were already planned 
by the EDC pursuant to a Commission-approved Long-Term Infrastructure Improvement Plan (LTIIP) before the 
Large Load Customer requested service.”).

===PAGE 12===
260630083
1 Q21. COULD THE VIRGINIA STATE CORPORATION COMMISSION
2 (“COMMISSION”) IMPLEMENT THE SAME OR SIMILAR METHODOLOGY
3 FOR LARGE-LOAD CUSTOMERS IN VIRGINIA?
Yes. The Commission can assess CIAC on large-load customers in Virginia for the electric4 A.
facilities required to serve them and should assess CIAC- as discussed in the pre-filed5
testimony of ODEC witness Miller.6
NETWORK INTEGRATION TRANSMISSION SERVICE1
8 Q22. WHAT IS NETWORK INTEGRATION TRANSMISSION SERVICE?
NITS is a type of transmission service offered under the PJM Interconnection, L.L.C.9 A.
(“PJM”) Open Access Transmission Tariff (“OATT”). The NITS charge is a demand-based10
charge to recover the costs of interconnecting new customers, costs for general capital11
improvements of the grid, and costs of maintaining and operating all high-voltage12
transmission infrastructure used to transmit power across the grid to facilities. Therefore,13
the NITS charge recovers (i) capital costs, both embedded and prospective, and (ii) ongoing14
operation and maintenance (“O&M”) expenses.15
16 Q23. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR SETTING THE NITS CHARGE WITHIN PJM?
Each utility in the PJM region determines its NITS charge pursuant to a Federal Power Act17 A.
Section 205 or 206 filing before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”).18
9

===PAGE 13===
260630083
1 Q24. HOW IS THE NITS CHARGE DETERMINED?
The charge is determined by multiplying the peak demand (kW) by the applicable NITS2 A.
rate ($/kW).3
4 Q25. HOW IS THE NITS RATE DETERMINED?
In any PJM zone, the NITS rate for a given utility’s NITS service will be its NITS revenue5 A.
requirement, which is based upon the Annual Transmission Revenue Requirement6
(“ATRR”), divided by the Network Service Peak Load (“NSPL”).12 NSPL is updated7
annually by transmission zone and is determined by measuring the highest actual metered8
hourly demand of that specific zone over the previous twelve months from November 19
through October 31.1310
11 Q26. WHAT IS THE ATRR AND HOW IS IT DETERMINED?
The ATRR is the annual amount a transmission-owning utility is permitted to recover12 A.
through transmission rates under FERC-regulated tariffs. The ATRR is designed to allow13
utilities to recover prudently-incurred transmission-related costs, including but not limited14
to a return on transmission investment (i.e., rate base), depreciation, O&M, administrative15
and general expenses, and taxes. Many utilities have formulaic rates on file with the FERC,16
and each such utility follows its specific FERC-approved protocols and templates to17
compute its ATRR. The ATRR and supporting schedules are publicly posted, and the18
applicable protocols establish procedures and timelines for submitting interrogatory19
10
12 See https://www.pim.eom/-/media/DotCom/markets-ops/settlements/network-integration-trans-service-ian.-
2025.pdf; https://www.pim.eom/-/media/DotCom/markets-ops/settlements/network-service-peak-loads-2025.pdf. 
13See https://www.pim.eom/-/media/DotCom/markets-ops/settlements/network-service-peak-loads-2025.pdf.

===PAGE 14===
260630083
requests, as well as preliminary and formal challenges to the utility’s implementation of its1
formula rate update.2
3 Q27. WHEN A LARGE-LOAD CUSTOMER PAYS CIAC FOR TRANSMISSION
4 FACILITIES, WILL THE LARGE-LOAD CUSTOMER ALSO PAY THE FULL
5 NITS CHARGE?
When a large-load customer is assessed CIAC for the capital cost of the new transmission6 A.
facilities, the customer must also pay a portion of the NITS charge. FERC determined that7
if a customer pays CIAC and the full NITS charge, the customer will pay for the capital8
cost of the new facilities twice. This double payment is known as ‘and’ pricing. Therefore,9
when a customer pays for facilities through CIAC, the customer must also pay a NITS10
charge that is adjusted to remove the capital cost of the new facilities being constructed for11
the customer. This avoids ‘and’ pricing and ensures the customer pays all the costs the12
13 customer causes.
14 Q28. WHAT HAPPENS IF A LARGE-LOAD CUSTOMER PAYS CIAC FOR THE NEW
15 TRANSMISSION FACILITIES AND DOES NOT PAY ANY PORTION OF NITS
16 CHARGES?
If a large-load customer only pays CIAC, and not any portion of NITS charges, then the17 A.
NITS charges that would have otherwise been charged to the large-load customer will be18
paid by other ratepayers. Over time, the NITS charges paid by other customers could19
exceed the amount of the CIAC payments, resulting in other ratepayers subsidizing a large20
portion of the cost of the large-load customer’s transmission facilities.21
11

===PAGE 15===
260630083
1 Q29. PLEASE DISCUSS THE RECENT WHITE PAPER FILED AT FERC BY WIRES
2 ON MARCH 30, 2026.
On March 30, 2026 WIRES filed supplemental comments with FERC to include a3 A.
whitepaper in the record titled, “The Risks of Cost Shifts in Serving Large Loads Under a4
Framework with Direct Allocation of Transmission Costs,” which was recently released5
by Concentric Energy Advisers (“CEA”) and undertaken on behalf of Exelon Corporation.6
The Whitepaper asserts that retail customers will end up paying more for transmission7
services if the cost of transmission facilities are directly allocated to large-load customers.148
9 Q30. DO YOU AGREE WITH THE CONCLUSION OF THE WHITEPAPER?
No, I do not agree with the conclusion of the White Paper for the reasons I just discussed.10 A.
At a high level, CEA asserts that when transmission costs are directly allocated to large-11
use customers, the large-use customers never pay ongoing transmission service charges12
(the fixed costs of the transmission system, including both capital costs, upfront and13
prospective, and ongoing O&M through NITS charges for the facilities).15 CEA then14
asserts that retail customers necessarily end up paying increased NITs charges for those15
facilities, resulting in retail customers paying more over the lifetime of the facilities than if16
the costs of the facilities had been socialized to begin with. This is true only under the17
assumption that when a customer pays CIAC, they never have to pay NITS.18
12
14 See Concentric Energy Advisors, The Risks of Cost Shifts in Serving Large Loads Under a Framework with Direct 
Allocation of Transmission Costs (March 30, 2026) (“Whitepaper”).
15Z<7.

===PAGE 16===
260630083
The rationale in the white paper is based on the concept of ‘and’ pricing, which1
originated from FERC’s 1994 transmission pricing policy.16 Absent CIAC, Dominion2
recovers the cost of transmission facilities through NITS, which includes recovery of the3
cost of the facilities themselves as well as ongoing maintenance and other ancillary4
charges. Thus, if a customer paid CIAC ‘and’ the full NITS charges, the customer would5
pay for the capital cost of the facilities twice, which is inherently unfair. But the fallacy6
inherent in CEA’s argument is that there is no way for a customer to pay for the facilities7
through CIAC and pay the ongoing portion of costs embedded into the NITS charges. If8
the capital cost associated with the CIAC is removed from the NITS charge, then the9
modified NITS charge is not in conflict with the ‘and’ pricing prohibition.10
The Commission should require Dominion to adjust its NITS rate to eliminate the11
annual CIAC payment related to the upfront capital costs from the annual NITS charges on12
a per large-load customer basis throughout the life of the new transmission facilities, and13
then revert back to the standard NITS rate afterward. This would allow transmission costs14
caused by large-load customers to be allocated directly to the large-load customers,15
including the ongoing O&M charges embedded in the NITS rate without ‘and’ pricing16
17 concerns.
18 Q31. DOES THIS CONCLUDE YOUR PRE FILED DIRECT TESTIMONY?
Yes, it does.A.
13
16 See 69 FERC 61,086 and 18 C.F.R. § 2.22 (Pricing policy for transmission services provided under the Federal 
Powers Act).

===PAGE 17===
260630083
ATTACHMENT ERD-1
BACKGROUND AND QUALIFICATIONS
OF ERIC R. DEMBEK

===PAGE 18===
260630083
ATTACHMENT ERD-1
BACKGROUND AND QUALIFICATIONS
OF
ERIC R. DEMBEK
Mr. Dembek has a technical background in accounting and rate specialist with several 
electric and gas utilities including CenterPoint Energy and Exelon.
From 2011-2024 and 2024-2026, Mr. Dembek worked for Exelon and CenterPoint 
Energy, respectively, within the tax department where he supported transmission revenue 
requirement filings and distribution rate proceedings for multiple electric and natural gas 
utilities.
Mr. Dembek joined GDS Associates in 2026 and has provided accounting and tax 
analysis, as well as rate reviews of costs included in the revenue requirements of electric 
utility companies for purposes of retail and wholesale ratemaking.
Mr. Dembek earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and Finance from the 
University of Illinois at Chicago in Chicago, Illinois, in 2008. Additionally, he earned a 
Master of Science in Taxation degree from DePaul University, Kellstadt Graduate School of 
Business in Chicago, Illinois in 2012. Mr. Dembek is also a Certified Public Accountant 
licensed in Illinois.

===PAGE 19===
260630083
ATTACHMENT ERD-2
Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission
Final Order: Interconnection and Tariffs for 
Large Load Customers

===PAGE 20===
ATTACHME560630083
Public Meeting held April 30, 2026
Commissioners Present:
FINAL ORDER
BY THE COMMISSION:
Interconnection and Tariffs for Large 
Load Customers
The Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission (PUC or Commission) held an En 
Banc Hearing In re: Interconnection and Tariffs for Large Load Customers on April 24, 
2025, at Docket No. M-2025-3054271 in response to recent impacts of data center 
growth within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the PJM Interconnection, LLC (PJM) 
region, and nationally, with data centers, utilities, and ratepayer advocates discussing the 
value of new load, economic incentives and jobs, infrastructure, and rates. On November 
6, 2025, the Commission issued, for comment, a Tentative Order with a proposed model 
tariff for Large Load Customers. The Commission appreciates the testimony, exhibits, 
and comments we received from the public to this above-captioned proceeding 
Stephen M. DeFrank, Chairman
Kimberly Barrow, Vice Chair, Statement
Kathryn L. Zerfuss, Statement
John F. Coleman, Jr.
Ralph V. Yanora
Docket Number:
M-2025-3054271
PENNSYLVANIA
PUBLIC UTILITY C OMMISSION
Harrisburg, PA 17105-3265

===PAGE 21===
ATTACHME 260630083
BACKGROUND
addressing the complex and evolving nature of regulating Large Load Customers in 
Pennsylvania's energy market.
• Appropriate MW size designations for large load tariffs.
• Deposits or financial security from Large Load Customers.
• Appropriate calculations of contributions in aid of construction.
• Minimum contract terms.
Overall, there was broad consensus regarding the fundamental principle of cost 
causation and the need to protect ratepayers from unreasonable cost shifting. There was 
general agreement that Large Load Customer guidance is needed in the areas of 
interconnection costs, interconnection studies, minimum contract terms, exit fees, and 
collateral, among other areas. Upon due consideration of the record evidence in this case, 
we issue this Final Order and model tariff in the attached Appendix.
• Maximum times for interconnection studies and agreements.
• Monthly demand charge.
• Appropriate fees or expenses for interconnection studies.
• Load ramping schedules for customers that may phase in their usage.
• Exit or early termination fees.
• Distinctions in tariff designs for firm service versus interruptible Large Load 
Customers.
On April 12, 2025, the Commission issued the Notice ofEn Banc Hearing 
Concerning Interconnection and Tariffs for Large Load Customers at Docket No. 
M-2025-3054271, designed to culminate in a proposed model tariff for Large Load 
Customers. The Commission sought and received testimony and comments on topics 
such as:

===PAGE 22===
ATTACHME560630083
Parties were notified that additional comments could be filed within thirty days of 
the en banc hearing and that reply comments could be filed within fifteen days of the 
conclusion of the comment period. Numerous comments and reply comments were filed.
On November 6, 2025, the Commission issued a Tentative Order. On November 
22, 2025, the Tentative Order was published in the PA Bulletin and comments could be 
filed within thirty days.
• Large customers bringing primary or back-up generation to serve their load, and 
any prudent standby rates.
• Transparent cost structures for interconnection.
• Optionality for infrastructure upgrades to be made directly by prospective 
interconnecting Large Load Customers at their own expense.
• Best practices learned from other jurisdictions.
• Any other procedures, rules, or tariff designs that can facilitate the efficient and 
timely interconnection of this unique category of electric customers.
On April 24, 2025, the en banc hearing was held with Chief Administrative Law 
Judge Charles Rainey presiding. All Commissioners were present and received evidence 
directly.
Comments were filed by Advanced Energy United (AEU), Alliance of Nurses for 
Healthy Environments (Alliance), Alliance to Stop the Line (ASL), Amazon Data 
Services, Inc with its affiliate Amazon Web Services (Amazon), American Council for an 
Energy-Efficient Economy (ACEEE), American Transmission Systems, Incorporated, 
Better Path Coalition (BPC), Building Performance Architecture, Center for Coalfield 
Justice (CCJ), Citizens' Electric Company of Lewisburg, PA (Citizens’), Citizens for 
Pennsylvania’s Future (PennFuture), Clean Air Council, Coalition for Affordable Utility 
Services and Energy Efficiency in Pennsylvania (CAUSE-PA), Columbia Gas of

===PAGE 23===
ATTACHME560630083
Pennsylvania, Inc. (Columbia), Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy 
Alternatives (CFPPA), Concerned Residents of Western PA, Constellation Energy 
Generation, LLC (Constellation), Consumer Advisory Council (CAC), Data Center 
Coalition (DCC), Dollar Energy Fund (DEF), Duquesne Light Company (Duquesne), 
Earthjustice, Emerald Al, Energy Association of Pennsylvania (EAP), Energy Efficiency 
Alliance, Energy Efficiency Empowerment (EEE), Environmental Defense Fund (EDF), 
Environmental Health Project, Evangelical Environmental Network (EEN), Exus 
Renewables North America (Exus), FirstEnergy Pennsylvania Electric Company 
(FirstEnergy), Google LLC (Google), Governor Josh Shapiro Administration (The 
Shapiro Administration), Industrial Energy Consumers of Pennsylvania (IECPA), 
Invenergy Wind Development North America LLC, Invenergy Solar Development North 
America LLC, Invenergy Storage LLC, Invenergy Thermal Development Holdings LLC 
(Collectively, Invenergy), Keystone Appalachian Transmission Company, Keystone 
Energy Efficiency Alliance (KEEA), Lehigh University’s Institute for Cyber-Physical 
Infrastructure and Energy (I-CPIE), Mainspring Energy, Inc. (Mainspring), Manufacturer 
& Business Association (MBA), Marcellus Shale Coalition (MSC), Mid-Atlantic 
Interstate Transmission, LLC (MAIT), Moms Clean Air Force - PA Chapter 
(MCAF-PA), Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC), Office of Consumer 
Advocate (OCA), Office of Small Business Advocate (OSBA), PECO Energy Company 
(PECO), Pennsylvania American Water Company (PAWC), Pennsylvania Stands Up, 
POWER Interfaith, PPL Electric Utilities Corporation (PPL), Protect Penn-Trafford 
(Protect PT), Schuylkill Community Action (SCA), Sierra Club, State Representative 
Danielle Friel Otten (Otten), State Senator Carolyn Comitta (Comitta), State Senator 
Katie J. Muth (Muth), State Senator Lindsey M. Williams (Williams), Tenant Union 
Representative Network (TURN), Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line Company, Vicinity 
Energy Inc and its subsidiaries including Grays Ferry Cogeneration Partnership and 
Vicinity Energy Philadelphia, Inc. (Vicinity), Vistra Corp. (Vistra), Vote Solar, Walmart 
Inc. (Walmart), Wellsboro Electric Company (Wellsboro), York County Fann Bureau 
(YCFB) and various comments from the public.

===PAGE 24===
ATTACHME 260630083
DISCUSSION
Appropriate MW Size Designation for Large Load Tariffs in Pennsylvania
Upon review of the record, including comments filed and through this Final Order, 
we announce the Commission’s guidelines for a model large load tariff.
Earthjustice’s joint comments refer to comments filed by Earthjustice, Sierra Club, 
Pennsylvania Stands Up, Vote Solar, Clean Air Council, and POWER Interfaith. 
MCAF-PA's joint comments refer to comments filed by MCAF-PA, Clean Air Council, 
Energy Efficiency Alliance, Center for Coalfield Justice, Environmental Health Project, 
Alliance of Nurses for Healthy Environments, Clearesult, Energy Efficiency
Empowerment, and Building Performance Architecture, with Center for Coalfield Justice 
(CCJ) and Energy Efficiency Empowerment (EEE) filing separate comments.
FirstEnergy filed joint comments with its affiliates Mid-Atlantic Interstate Transmission, 
LLC, Keystone Appalachian Transmission Company, American Transmission Systems, 
Incorporated, and Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line Company. CAUSE-PA and TURN 
filed joint comments. Citizens' and Wellsboro filed joint comments. Amazon Data 
Services and its affiliate Amazon Web Services filed comments together. Vicinity Energy 
Inc and its subsidiaries including Grays Ferry Cogeneration Partnership and Vicinity 
Energy Philadelphia, Inc filed comments together. Invenergy Wind Development North 
America LLC, Invenergy Solar Development North America LLC, Invenergy Storage 
LLC, and Invenergy Thermal Development Holdings LLC filed comments together. 
Columbia expressed support for comments made by EAP.
In the Tentative Order, we proposed that a Large Load Customer should be 
defined as 50 MW individually or 100 MW in the aggregate. Individual megawatt large 
load refers to a single commercial or industrial load facility or aggregation of load 
facilities at a single site that poses a reliability risk to the grid due to its size and 

===PAGE 25===
ATTACHME560630083
Comments at 3-4. Duquesne Comments at 7.
operational characteristics. In contrast, aggregate megawatt large load refers to a group of 
individual large loads that together exceed the threshold for high impact large loads, 
which can lead to more significant reliability challenges.
With regards to grid impact reduction through the use of associated generation, we 
found that Large Load Customers that may not be using their full interconnection limit by 
having onsite generation may be entitled to lower stand-by charges or a lower minimum 
demand charge. However, for purposes of the large load definition in this tariff, behind 
the meter generation will not be considered as an offset to calculate total customer load.
Many environmental stakeholders recommend that the thresholds should not be 
raised. NRDC argues that a threshold set higher than 50 MW would fail to capture all 
large customers whose consumption poses challenges to Pennsylvania’s grid.
Earthjustice’s joint comments argue that increasing the threshold would likely miss many 
Environmental stakeholders and Large Load Customers generally support the 
Tentative Order’s proposal of the MW threshold with disagreement over its 
implementation. Both parties state that the proposal appears to be reasonably calculated 
to appropriately capture Large Load Customers with a significant impact on the grid and 
its customers in a nondiscriminatory manner. Protect PT, Walmart, KEEA, PECO (only 
for the 50 MW individual threshold), and Duquesne also generally supports the Tentative 
Order’s MW threshold proposal. Amazon Comments at 3. Google Comments at 2. 
Protect PT Comments at 3. Walmart Comments at 11. KEEA Comments at 2-3. PECO
Based on stakeholder comments, there is no consensus on a specific MW size 
designation for large load tariffs in Pennsylvania. Multiple parties have expressed support 
for the Tentative Order’s proposal, while others recommend lowering or raising the 
proposed thresholds or utilizing utility discretion.

===PAGE 26===
ATTACHME560630083
DCC recommends that the Commission treat the 50 MW and 100 MW values as 
large load facilities, like data centers, planned and already under construction in 
Pennsylvania. PennFuture Comments at 3. EDF Comments at 3. NRDC Comments at
2-3. Earthjustice Joint Comments at 10.
baseline guidance in the model tariff, while allowing each electric distribution company 
(EDC) to propose higher thresholds, where justified by its system characteristics and 
planning needs. DCC argues that the Commission’s proposed thresholds are directionally 
reasonable as a statewide starting point and that system size, load shape, and local 
network conditions can vary materially across utilities. DCC Comments at 3.
NRDC urges the Commission to reflect on the proposed threshold as projects 
continue to apply for and receive service and to be open to defining a lower threshold in 
the future. NRDC states that there is precedent for lower large load thresholds, such as 
are set by NYISO, AEP Ohio’s data center tariff, Dominion’s GS-5 Rate schedule, and 
the US Department of Energy. NRDC Comments at 2-3.
Some state officials, EEE, PECO (for aggregate threshold), and OCA support 
lowering certain of the proposed thresholds. State Senator Lindsey M. Williams, OCA, 
and EEE propose the threshold for a Large Load Customer to be 25 MW or greater for 
EDCs whose peak is equal to or exceeds 2,500 MW and a 1 MW threshold for all other 
EDCs. OCA states that a lower size threshold at or greater than 25 MW is further 
supported by the Department of Energy (DOE) and the North American Electric 
Reliability Corporation (NERC). OCA also states that by lowering its threshold, the 
Commission would be better aligned with proposed FERC policy and avoid the timely, 
potentially contentious issue of reviewing individual utility decisions that propose or do 
not propose differential rate treatment. Williams Comments at 1-2. EEE Comments at 1. 
OCA Comments at 16-19. PECO Comments at 3-4.

===PAGE 27===
ATTACHME560630083
PECO recommends that the 50 MW threshold be applicable to both individual and 
aggregate large loads. PECO argues that utilizing a universal 50 MW threshold will 
(1) prevent interconnection applicants from structuring projects that circumvent approved 
large load tariff provisions; and (2) allow EDCs to apply large load tariff provisions to 
premises hosting multiple smaller loads and to premises on contiguous parcels 
developing large load projects that will collectively exceed any established large load 
MW threshold. PECO Comments at 3-4.
IECPA, PPL, FirstEnergy, and EAP support either raising the proposed thresholds 
or leaving the MW threshold to utility discretion. EAP argues that the threshold will 
capture other/existing customers that the Commission may not intend to include as part of 
this proceeding. IECPA Comments at 5 and 7. EAP Comments at 7.
State Senator Katie J. Muth recommends defining Large Load Customers at 
20 MW for larger EDCs (> 2,500 MW peak load) and 1 MW for smaller ones (< 2,500 
MW peak load), consistent with the Pennsylvania Ratepayer Protection Act (Senate Bill 
1114). Senator Muth argues that many load additions, including emerging data center 
requests, can impose significant strain on infrastructure even when they are below 
50 MW, depending on the configuration and location. Senator Muth also states that 
nothing in the Public Utility Code requires the Commission to begin at such a high 
threshold or prevents the Commission from classifying customers in a more granular way 
based on system impact. Muth Comments at 1-2 and 5.
Regarding the aggregate threshold of 100 MW, OCA and EEE support a 25 MW 
threshold instead of 100 MW for the same reasons stated above regarding the threshold 
for a single data center. OCA argues that Large Load Customers like data centers should 
not be allowed to circumvent both the lower single-facility size threshold and the higher 
aggregate threshold by splitting a Large Load Customer into two or more aggregated 
facilities. OCA Comments at 19-20. EEE Comments at 1.

===PAGE 28===
ATTACHME560630083
EAP also suggests that the guidelines and model tariff should clearly articulate 
that the thresholds apply to distribution-level interconnections under PUC jurisdiction, 
with recognition that transmission-level interconnections may trigger additional 
FERC-jurisdictional requirements regardless of whether the 50/100 MW thresholds are 
met. EAP Comments at 7.
FirstEnergy recommends that the Commission should raise the MW threshold to 
be no less than 200 MW individually or in the aggregate. FirstEnergy submits that the 
better approach is to adopt a threshold that is firmly based on not just the current state of 
the information computing industry, but where that industry is clearly headed over the 
next several years. FirstEnergy argues that this recommendation would be consistent with 
the trend towards larger-scale data centers and to avoid impacts on traditional industrial 
and manufacturing customers. FirstEnergy is also concerned that a 50 MW threshold 
applied to all Large Load Customers will capture a significant number of industrial and 
commercial organizations. FirstEnergy Comments at 3-6.
PPL recommends that if the Commission keeps a MW threshold, it should either 
provide exceptions for certain large loads that meet the MW threshold or define Large 
Load Customers as having a threshold of 200 MW. PPL argues that using example tariffs 
from vertically integrated states like Indiana and West Virginia can be informative, but 
the analysis of stranded asset risk is fundamentally different in jurisdictions where the 
utility is also responsible for building the generation for the new Large Load Customers. 
PPL also states that a lower threshold is likely to also apply to other non-data center 
customers, which is not the intention of this proceeding, and would risk a chilling effect 
on economic development because it may capture customers who do not have socialized 
costs and set a security requirement that exceeds the amount of risk to the EDC’s other 
customers. PPL Comments at 6-7.

===PAGE 29===
ATTACHME560630083
OCA also states that if the Commission intends to rely on utility discretion to 
determine whether a Large Load Customer of less than 50 MW should be subject to the 
provisions of the model tariff, it suggests that the Commission should at least establish 
clear criteria to guide the reasonable use of discretion by specifying the demand, 
operational characteristics, and other considerations that the utility should assess to 
determine whether the Large Load Customer would pose a substantial grid impact on the 
distribution system with respect to safety and/or reliability. OCA argues that without such 
criteria to apply for the purposes of classifying the Large Load Customer, the exercise of 
utilities’ discretion across the Commonwealth will vary, creating a patchwork of 
sub-50 MW large load enforcement that will become difficult to review and regulate and 
FirstEnergy urges the Commission not to foreclose the ability of utilities to 
negotiate individual arrangements with customers of varying sizes and configurations that 
are under any MW thresholds it adopts. FirstEnergy agrees with the Commission’s 
recognition that there may be future customers below the 50 MW threshold (including 
smaller data center customers) that have substantial grid impacts justifying differential 
tariff and rate treatment than existing similarly situated customers. FirstEnergy 
Comments at 6.
Regarding utility discretion to apply the model tariff for Large Load Customers of 
less than 50 MW, PECO, Duquesne, and EAP support this provision. EAP argues that 
this is a particularly salient issue for smaller utilities where 50 MW would be too high a 
threshold to trigger these impacts and considerations. Duquesne argues that this provision 
will ensure the grid can accommodate the net realizable load and avoid potentially 
significant impacts to the entire system. PECO recommends that the Commission revise 
the “Availability” section of the model tariff to clearly indicate that EDCs, in their sole 
discretion, may apply large load tariff provisions to smaller loads on a case-by-case basis. 
EAP Comments at 7. Duquesne Comments at 8. PECO Comments at 3-4.

===PAGE 30===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
could improperly incent utilities to adopt more favorable terms even if the risk of 
reliability concerns is clear. OCA Comments at 16-19.
We proposed a threshold for a Large Load Customer of 50 MW individually and 
100 MW in aggregate. Comments regarding the 50 MW and 100 MW threshold varied. 
Environmental stakeholders and Large Load Customers, as well as Walmart, KEEA, and 
Duquesne, generally support the Tentative Order’s proposal of the MW threshold. Some 
state officials, EEE, and OCA support lowering the proposed thresholds, while IECPA, 
PPL, FirstEnergy, and EAP support either raising the proposed thresholds or leaving the 
MW threshold to utility discretion. We will maintain the proposed 50 MW and 100 MW 
levels as we find these levels to be reasonably calculated to appropriately capture Large 
Load Customers with a significant impact on the grid in a nondiscriminatory manner. We 
concur with NRDC and Earthjustice’s joint comments asserting that a threshold higher 
than 50 MW may fail to capture customers whose consumption poses challenges to
Stakeholders also provided comments regarding the exclusion of behind the meter 
generation from the threshold calculation. State Senator Lindsey M. Williams, Protect 
PT, EDF, FirstEnergy, Duquesne, and DCC support the model tariff s proposal that 
behind the meter generation will not be considered an offset for the purpose of 
calculating the total customer load. FirstEnergy argues that load and generation should be 
studied separately in the event the system needs to accommodate the full amount of the 
on-site load and that failure to fully study load and generation could lead to adverse cost 
consequences to other retail customers. DCC also states that by excluding behind the 
meter generation, the applicability determination stays clear and administrable at the front 
end of the process. Williams Comments at 1-2. Protect PT Comments at 3. EDF 
Comments at 3. FirstEnergy Comments at 7. Duquesne Comments at 8. DCC Comments 
at 2-4.

===PAGE 31===
ATTACHME560630083
behind the meter generation in the threshold calculation to be reasonable.
General Definitions
Finally, we proposed the exclusion of behind the meter generation from the 
threshold calculation. As there were no adverse comments, we find that the exclusion of 
Pennsylvania’s grid. Comments in support of a lower threshold generally provide 
reasoning related to smaller EDC peak loads or potential federal, DOE and NERC levels. 
We recognize there may be variations based on EDC configuration, but we are setting 
guidance in this model tariff for the EDCs that serve the bulk of the jurisdictional electric 
customers in Pennsylvania. Further, federal or industry levels are still in the formation 
stage and do not provide us with definitive guidance at this time.
In addition, we proposed that utilities retain authority over applying the model 
tariff to customers below 50 MW. There appears to be stakeholder agreement over the 
Tentative Order’s proposal for utilities applying the model tariff to customers below 
50 MW. Therefore, we will maintain this guidance in the model tariff. We concur with 
EAP that this will allow smaller utilities, as well as other large utilities, a method to 
ensure the grid can accommodate the net realizable load and avoid potentially significant 
impacts on the entire grid.
Multiple parties suggest revisions and seek clarification regarding the Tentative 
Order’s definition of a Large Load Customer. EAP requests the Commission clarify 
whether these provisions apply to new and existing Large Load Customers. The model 
tariff language indicates that “[cjontact requests from existing Large Load Customers 
shall continue to be addressed by the Company consistent with the Company’s existing 
requirements.” However, this could be interpreted several ways, such as whether or not a 
customer will be considered a new or existing Large Load Customer if an existing Large 
Load Customer requests additional (new) service at a new location (not closely located to 

===PAGE 32===
ATTACHME560630083
DCC argues that the model tariff can make clear that existing customers may opt 
into a new large load structure—either for all of their load or for a defined increment—if 
IECPA recommends that the model tariff be applied to only incremental or new 
load growth reaching the Load Threshold within a defined period of time (e.g., 50+ MW 
of additional load within any 3-year period). IECPA states that subjecting manufacturers 
(who are trade-exposed, labor intensive, and price sensitive) and other institutional 
customers to requirements that are designed for the rapid, high-impact growth that is 
driving up prices will have significant practical and financial consequences—including 
damaging Pennsylvania’s vibrant industrial sector. IECPA also argues that the power 
sector must address the implications of speed-to-market as a cost driver and planning 
constraint, and that industrial customers should retain the ability to build, expand, 
reshore, and operate without being hindered by rules designed for the substantial load 
growth seen today. IECPA Comments at 5 and 7.
their existing location) within the same EDC service territory or if a customer is currently 
taking service for a warehouse but wants to build a large data center in the same EDC 
service territory. EAP Comments at 7-8.
PECO, Duquesne, and DCC recommend that the Final Order should apply to new 
large load interconnections (new customers and incremental load of existing customers) 
after its effective date. Duquesne argues that grandfathering existing customers under 
current tariff rules and contract provisions is consistent with large load tariffs adopted in 
other jurisdictions. DCC argues that moving the goalposts after a customer has signed an 
Energy Service Agreement (ESA), funded interconnection work, and begun operation 
cuts against regulatory stability, will make future customers think twice about treating 
Pennsylvania commitments as durable. PECO also suggests that EDCs should have the 
ability to exempt an existing customer at the EDC’s discretion. PECO Comments at 4-5. 
Duquesne Comments at 6-7. DCC Comments at 13.

===PAGE 33===
ATTACHME560630083
Duquesne recommends establishing a minimum size for individual facilities that 
are part of an aggregation to ensure it is truly capturing Large Load Customers. Duquesne 
they and the utility agree and the Commission finds the arrangement reasonable, giving 
everyone flexibility without forcing a one-size outcome on parties that already bargained 
for different terms. DCC suggests that truly incremental capacity, above a defined 
threshold and driving new investment, can be evaluated under the model framework, 
while the original block of load remains under its existing terms unless the parties agree 
otherwise. DCC Comments at 13-14.
Walmart recommends that the term "aggregate" should specifically refer to 
clustered sites in a common area and not apply to a single customer's load across an 
entire utility territory. Walmart Comments at 11.
MSC urges the Commission to reconcile the references of “closely located” and 
“single site” and to clarify the definition of “Large Load Customer”. The tenn “Large 
Load Customer” references the phrase “multiple closely located customers”. The word 
“closely” is not defined but presumably references some distance of proximity of 
customers. Conversely, under the section entitled “Availability” the model tariff states 
that “large load refers to a single commercial or industrial load facility or aggregation of 
load facilities at a single site that poses a reliability risk to the grid due to its size and 
operational characteristics.” The reference to large load under “Availability” implies that 
the demand is situated at a “single site”, which may conflict with the definition of “Large 
Load Customer” and the use of “multiple closely located customers.” Additionally, some 
of the details included under “Availability”, such as references that customers are 
commercial or industrial in nature, may be more appropriately included within the 
definition of “Large Load Customer”. Otherwise, it appears that some of the criteria for 
“Large Load Customers” may be found in the term’s definition, and other criteria 
elsewhere in the model tariff. MSC Comments at 2.

===PAGE 34===
ATTACHME560630083
99
FirstEnergy supports the ability of utilities to use reasonable discretion in applying 
an aggregate threshold based on various different factors, including common ownership 
and the local electrical infrastructure, and imposing appropriate application and 
disclosure requirements for customers. FirstEnergy Comments at 6.
proposes a 10 MW threshold for individual interconnections that become part of an 
aggregated large load interconnection. Duquesne argues that this recommendation would 
prevent capturing existing customers who are not truly “Large Load Customers,” or 
allowing customers to potentially aggregate load in order to meet the large load definition 
to avoid certain distribution costs. Duquesne Comments at 7-8.
Google recommends that the aggregation definition be refined to ensure it is based 
on electrical relevance rather than corporate structure. Specifically, Google suggests that 
aggregation should apply only to facilities located on contiguous property or served by 
the same primary substation. Google argues that aggregating facilities based solely on 
common ownership detaches the tariff from the physical reality of the grid and risks 
creating arbitrary classifications that do not reflect actual infrastructure requirements. 
Google Comments at 2.
DCC suggests that the final model tariff should make it clear that aggregation will 
not be applied so broadly that it sweeps together unrelated customers or distinct projects 
that happen to be located in the same general area. DCC states that clear, end-use-neutral 
criteria for when aggregation applies will help utilities and customers understand in 
advance if particular projects are likely to qualify as large loads under the model tariff 
framework. DCC Comments at 3.
OCA and EAP seek clarification regarding the terms “Contract Tenn,” “Initial 
Contract Tenn,” and “Load Ramp Period.” OCA notes that the contract period starts after 
the ramp-up period concludes, which in effect adds several years to the Large Load

===PAGE 35===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
We proposed that this tariff be applicable to Large Load Customers based on 
individual and aggregate MW thresholds with existing Large Load Customer contracts 
Customer’s commitment. However, OCA suggests that the ramp-up period should not be 
counted in the minimum period for contracting because during the Load Ramp Period the 
EDC is not fully recovering the distribution costs of network improvements that are 
identified and built to meet the Large Load Customer’s full demand and are not otherwise 
recovered in Contributions in Aid of Construction (CIAC). EAP also proposes that the 
minimum contract term should begin when the customer reaches committed full load, not 
at initial energization. EAP argues that without this adjustment, a “five-year contract” 
with a three-year ramp provides only two years of full-load cost recovery. OCA 
Comments at 29. EAP Comments at 12-14.
Constellation and PECO note that there is apparent inconsistency between the 
notice period described in the “Terms of Contract” section of the model tariff and the 
notice period in the “Exit Fee” section of the model tariff. Specifically, the language in 
the “Terms of Contract” section of the model tariff requires three years’ notice to 
terminate the contract or modify the contract capacity. In contrast, the “Exit Fee” section 
of the model tariff requires 42 months’ notice to terminate the contract or reduce the 
contract capacity. Constellation states that a 42-month notice period is consistent with the 
Commission’s explanation in the Tentative Order that “[b]y requiring notice of a load 
reduction three-and-a-half years in advance allows PJM to account for this load reduction 
in determining its resource adequacy requirements to be acquired in the Base Residual 
Auction (BRA) [szc].” Constellation suggests that the Commission either modifies these 
provisions to refer to a consistent notice period or clarifies in its final order why these 
periods differ. PECO states these notice periods, if retained, should be uniform in the 
model tariff. Constellation Comments at 4. PECO Comments at 16.

===PAGE 36===
ATTACHME560630083
Numerous stakeholders have also suggested revisions and/or sought clarification 
regarding various terms and definitions within the model tariff in the Appendix. We are 
persuaded by the viewpoints of stakeholders that additional language within the 
Appendix is necessary.
We proposed an aggregate definition based on factors including, but not limited to, 
premises sharing one or more of the following: common owner(s), a common parent 
company, common local electrical infrastructure, and common control. Comments from 
state officials, Earthjustice’s joint comments, FirstEnergy, and DCC have generally 
expressed support for the Commission’s aggregation definition proposal. However, 
PennFuture, OCA, Walmart, Duquesne, FirstEnergy, DDC, and Google have suggested 
modifications to the aggregation definition. We find the comments constructive; 
however, we maintain that the model tariff should provide broad guidance. The items 
suggested are specific in nature and better suited to be vetted in an actual EDC tariff 
filing or rate proceeding.
continuing to be addressed using the EDC’s existing tariff requirements. Multiple 
stakeholders have suggested revisions and/or sought clarification regarding the Tentative 
Order’s definition of a Large Load Customer. We are persuaded by the viewpoints of 
stakeholders that additional language of the tariff s applicability is necessary. We agree 
with comments filed by PECO, Duquesne, EAP, and DCC, clarifying that the Final Order 
will be applied to new large load interconnections (new customers and new incremental 
load of existing customers) after its effective date. We assert that “grandfathering” 
existing Large Load Customers under the EDC’s current tariff requirements is consistent 
with large load tariffs adopted in other jurisdictions. However, we also note that existing 
Large Load Customers should have the option to enter into this tariff’s provisions under 
EDC discretion on a case-by-case basis.

===PAGE 37===
ATTACHME560630083
9? CC
In addition, we proposed a contract notice period of no later than three years and 
an exit fee notice period of at least 42 months in the Tentative Order. We acknowledge 
comments filed by Constellation and PECO and will clarify that the notice period 
described in the “Terms of Contract” section of the model tariff refers to the terms and 
conditions of the tariff after the initial contract length of five years, in which the Large 
Load Customer will still be connected to the grid after leaving or modifying its contact, 
such as adjusting its Contract Capacity. The notice period in the “Exit Fee” section of the 
model tariff refers to the scenario when the Large Load Customer disconnects or leaves 
the grid. While we acknowledge the differences between the two notice periods, we 
propose that both notice periods should be set at 48 months. We find it prudent to align 
both notice periods with the PJM load forecast for the delivery year. We also concur that 
this provides an adequate amount of time necessary to inform any relevant parties and 
conduct any required engineering studies.
In the Tentative Order, we proposed that the contract term includes the load ramp 
period and the initial contract term, in which the initial contract term begins after the 
completion of the load ramp period. We agree with OCA and EAP that clarification is 
warranted regarding the terms “Contract Term,” “Initial Contract Tenn,” and “Load 
Ramp Period.” We will modify our proposal to clarify that the minimum initial contract 
length, which was proposed to be 5 years in the Tentative Order, should begin after the 
ramp-up period concludes. This revision allows EDCs to conduct a revenue review of at 
least five years during which the large load is at its Contract Capacity. We note that we 
expect a sufficient amount of collateral, CI AC, and/or exit fee to cover the costs resulting 
from the addition and/or exit of the Large Load Customer, protecting customers from 
cost-shifting.

===PAGE 38===
ATTACHME560630083
Deposits, Financial Security or Collateral from Large Load Customers
Constellation, EAP, DCC, and Google support the proposal for graduated financial 
security. EAP states that this approach aligns with current EDC practices and 
appropriately balances customer financial burden with ratepayer protection. Google also 
states that this approach protects utilities and existing ratepayers while recognizing a 
project's maturing credit worthiness. DCC argues that heavy collateral early in the 
process, before the utility is spending material capital, can lock out projects that are 
finishing site control, land-use approvals, or PJM studies. No stakeholders have 
expressed opposition regarding this topic. Constellation Comments at 3. EAP Comments 
at 8. DCC Comments at 9. Google Comments at 1.
CFPPA, Earthjustice’s joint comments, OCA, Constellation, Duquesne, and DCC 
generally support the Tentative Order’s proposal regarding guidelines for collateral 
requirements with some parties proposing various changes. CFPPA and Constellation 
argue that collateral requirements on Large Load Customers will mitigate risk of shifting 
costs to existing ratepayers by deterring speculative projects and insulating ratepayers 
against project failures. CFPPA Comments at 1. Earthjustice Joint Comments at 11. OCA
In the Tentative Order, we found there was widespread agreement on the necessity 
of collateral and cash deposit requirements for Large Load Customers. We proposed that 
financial security should be graduated based upon the proposed size of load and partially 
refunded as load ramps up until fully refunded when load has reached its maximum. We 
determined that a financial security should be sufficient to cover the cost of any Large 
Load Customers share of network upgrades for which the Large Load Customer is the 
majority beneficiary and that will be partially allocated to other customers of the EDC 
and that any financial security or collateral provided should be reduced or refunded over 
time as load ramp milestones are met and facility costs are paid.

===PAGE 39===
ATTACHME560630083
Constellation warns that the financial security requirements should not be 
burdensome and that they discourage Large Load Customers from seeking to locate 
mature projects. Constellation Comments at 3.
Comments at 20-21. Constellation Comments at 3. Duquesne Comments at 8. DCC 
Comments at 10.
FirstEnergy recommends that any collateral requirement should correspond to 
costs within the Commission’s jurisdiction, namely “Interconnection Facilities costs” 
rather than “Network Improvements Costs” (which FirstEnergy does not believe are 
within the Commission’s jurisdiction). FirstEnergy Comments at 25.
NRDC states that a guarantee from a parent company does not always ensure cost 
recovery in the case of financial instability or bankruptcy of a guarantor. NRDC argues 
that the longevity of a data center customer’s energy demand is often contingent on the 
financial stability of its parent company. NRDC Comments at 3.
PECO and EAP recommend that discretion regarding collateral requirements 
should remain between the EDCs and the customer for individual case-by-case 
determinations. PECO states that if discretion is not permitted, EDCs may lack the 
mechanisms to secure the additional collateral necessary to protect other customers from 
the risk of absorbing stranded costs. PECO Comments at 13-14. EAP Comments at 8-9.
ASL, CAUSE-PA, and TURN oppose the Tentative Order’s reliance on credit 
rating. CAUSE-PA and TURN argue that initial credit ratings do not provide safeguard 
against longer-term risks. ASL argues that these guidelines should be applied equally to 
any Large Load Customer. ASL Comments at 2. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 
40-41.

===PAGE 40===
ATTACHME560630083
DCC recommends that the Commission affirm that guarantees, letters of credit, 
surety bonds, and cash-equivalent instruments are all acceptable. DCC argues that a 
model tariff that insists on cash-only collateral will tend to drive up financing costs for 
projects without improving protection for existing ratepayers. DCC Comments at 10.
Many environmental stakeholders and I-CPIE oppose the Tentative Order’s 
proposal of identifying the “majority beneficiary.” Of the comments addressing this 
topic, Constellation expresses support. Constellation states that the risk-based flexibility 
reflected in the draft guidelines is an important component of the collateral requirements, 
allowing a lower collateral percentage for less risky Large Load Customers with 
investment-grade credit ratings. Constellation Comments at 3.
I-CPIE states that the use of collateral requirements covering “Network 
Improvements Costs and Interconnection Facilities costs” is a mechanism that may allow 
for the filtering of speculative projects. However, many Large Load Customers may not 
be budget-constrained due to the amount of funding interest in this area. I-CPIE 
Comments at 4.
EDF and NRDC recommend that Large Load Customers must secure revenues 
sufficient to cover the costs of all facilities that serve them, establishing an irrebuttable 
presumption that Large Load Customers are the primary beneficiaries of such facilities. 
The costs of all such facilities and any other socialized cost attributed to the Large Load 
Customer would be included in Large Load Customers’ secured revenue guarantee. EDF 
argues that the Tentative Order’s proposal would (1) require an unreasonable degree of 
utility discretion, (2) incentivize Large Load Customers to influence the utility’s 
assessment, such as by manipulating their project plans or by applying political or legal 
pressures, and (3) would likely produce unpredictable, non-uniform, and unjust 
outcomes. EDF states that their recommendation (1) is transparent and straightforward, 
reducing administrative burden and aid enforceability, (2) will help deter speculative or 

===PAGE 41===
ATTACHME560630083
I-CPIE proposes that the customer that triggers the need for investment pays its 
full marginal cost or bases the CIAC on the percentage of use estimated to be needed 
rather than a majority beneficiary criterion for financial security. I-CPIE argues that if the 
Large Load Customer receives just below the majority (e.g., 49% of the benefits), the 
investment is placed into the rate base and the other customers, not the cost-incurring 
Large Load Customer, pay for the investment. I-CPIE Comments at 2-3.
CAUSE-PA and TURN recommend that financial security requirements should be 
based on the full cost of necessary upgrades. They argue that costs associated with large 
load interconnection should only be socialized to other customers to the extent there is 
substantial and quantifiable evidence that the upgrades were otherwise necessary to serve 
other customers and would have been pursued in the absence of the large load 
interconnection or required for unrelated regional reliability purposes. CAUSE-PA and 
TURN Comments at 40.
duplicative large load interconnection requests, (3) creates additional incentives for Large 
Load Customers to site, design, and operate their facilities efficiently to minimize grid 
costs, and (4) holds other customers harmless for most of the incremental utility 
expenditures that would not have occurred but for the Large Load Customer’s 
interconnection. EDF Comments at 4-7. NRDC Comments at 3.
EDF also recommends that if the Commission chooses to rely on a benefit­
quantification methodology, the Commission should establish a rebuttable presumption 
that Large Load Customers are the sole beneficiaries of network upgrades they trigger. 
EDF also suggests the Commission issue guidance that sets a high bar to rebut this 
presumption, where the utility must show that the project’s benefits to non-large-load 
customers are cheaper, on a unit cost basis, than the benefits an alternative project would 
have delivered to those customers absent the Large Load Customer. EDF Comments at 
4-7.

===PAGE 42===
ATTACHME560630083
Regarding financial security reductions and exemptions in the Tentative Order, 
stakeholders largely support or propose additional requirements or clarification. Of the 
comments addressing this topic, PECO and EAP express opposition. PECO argues that 
waiving a portion of the deposit requirement introduces two risks that may lead to costs 
for the EDC that are shifted to other customers: (1) exemptions ignore the possibility that 
customer creditworthiness can change over time, and (2) in the event that a Large Load 
Customer prematurely discontinues operations prior to the end of its minimum contract 
term, the collateral exemption introduces the risk of EDCs having to undertake legal 
action to collect outstanding obligations from such customers that would have otherwise 
been covered by the portion of collateral covered by the exemption. EAP argues that 
mandating collateral exemptions removes EDC discretion in fundamental risk 
management decisions. PECO Comments at 14. EAP Comments at 8-9.
PennFuture and EAP state that the term “major beneficiary” in the guidelines 
requires further definition. PennFuture shares concerns that without a clear and 
transparent process for determining how “majority beneficiary” is defined, the proposal 
invites utilities and Large Load Customers to avoid full responsibility. EAP suggests that 
the Commission’s guidelines and model tariff should explicitly indicate that the benefit 
analysis being done is distribution-level only; that is, the EDC determines whether 
upgrades primarily benefit the interconnecting customer or provide broader system 
benefits using established engineering and planning criteria subject to regular oversight 
by the Commission. EAP also questions who detennines “majority beneficiary” when 
transmission and distribution are separate entities under different regulatory jurisdictions. 
PennFuture Comments at 4. EAP Comments at 8.
OCA, Constellation, and Amazon express support for the Tentative Order’s 
proposal to refund financial security. Amazon agrees that this approach will minimize 
risk on customers and mitigate potential overcollection from EDCs. OCA Comments at 
40. Constellation Comments at 3. Amazon Comments at 3.

===PAGE 43===
ATTACHME560630083
CAUSE-PA and TURN recommend that the Commission tie the release of 
financial securities to timely payment and ongoing credit indicators - not construction 
timelines and load growth. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 40-41.
FirstEnergy suggests that the security should be reduced by 20 percent of the total 
security amount per year at the end of each of the last five years of a ten-year minimum 
contract term, arguing that it is more protective of customers than the Tentative Order’s 
proposal. FirstEnergy Comments at 8.
Various stakeholders share additional proposals addressing deposits, financial 
security, and collateral from Large Load Customers for the Commission to consider:
OCA, CAUSE-PA, and TURN recommend that the cost of non-payments by the 
Large Load Customers for distribution facilities should not be charged to ratepayers, 
whether in rates or any other fees or payments. OCA argues that by making the EDCs 
Duquesne seeks clarification that the proposal to reduce and refund collateral “as 
construction and load ramp milestones are achieved” refers to the point at which projects 
are operational and returning revenue to the EDC, thus minimizing any risk to other 
customers. Duquesne argues that construction milestones alone do not necessarily reduce 
risk. Duquesne Comments at 8.
DCC suggests that the amount of collateral should decrease as a project performs. 
DCC argues that once a customer has taken service, ramped load, and paid its bills on 
time for several years, the risk that drove the original collateral requirement is no longer 
the same. DCC also argues that a structure that is clear at the outset with defined triggers 
for reduction gives utilities and customers a shared road map and avoids perpetual 
“maximum” collateral for projects that are already proving themselves. DCC Comments 
at 9.

===PAGE 44===
ATTACHME560630083
financially liable for non-payments for distribution facilities instead of ratepayers, EDCs 
have the financial interest to implement sound financial guarantees and diligently monitor 
the financial status of Large Load Customers. OCA Comments at 21. CAUSE-PA and 
TURN Comments at 41.
To provide a fair playing field and adequately protect against stranded costs, 
NRDC urges the Commission to provide guidance on what constitutes a sufficient deposit 
or fee to cover the costs incurred before energization, including costs of engineering and 
interconnection studies. NRDC states that the Tentative Order does not provide guidance 
on how or when these should be collected (or whether they should be refunded). NRDC 
also states that requiring non-refundable deposits would have a tangible impact on the 
accuracy of utility-reported load forecasts, as well as on expediting interconnection for 
customers committed to developing in the Commonwealth. NRDC Comments at 8.
KEEA, Constellation, and DCC recommend that the Commission should ensure 
that the financial commitment required is commensurate to the risk of the project. KEEA 
argues that Large Load Customers that are less creditworthy or have unique 
Earthjustice’s joint comments, Protect PT, and KEEA recommend that the 
Commission should ensure that any required deposit by the Large Load Customer be 
large enough that it covers up-front costs, such as the costs of interconnection studies, 
infrastructure upgrades that primarily benefit the Large Load Customer, or utility-side 
administrative costs associated with bringing the Large Load Customer online. KEEA 
argues that it is essential that none of the costs associated with the interconnection 
process be passed along to ratepayers. Earthjustice’s joint comments also suggest that the 
Commission should consider augmenting the draft model tariff to require EDCs to adopt 
a tariff structure where a deposit is required for the costs of these sorts of interconnection 
studies. Earthjustice Joint Comments at 11-12. Protect PT Comments at 3. KEEA 
Comments at 3.

===PAGE 45===
ATTACHME560630083
PECO observes that neither the Tentative Order nor the model tariff address the 
Earthjustice’s joint comments suggest that the Commission include a term in the 
Final Order that acknowledges the potential that a Large Load Customer’s financial 
condition can change. Earthjustice’s joint comments recommends that the Commission 
should incorporate the following language: “If the financial condition of the customer or 
guarantor changes (including ownership and structural changes) - or market conditions 
change - over the term of the contract, the Company may request updated information to 
reevaluate the customer and its collateral requirements, which may be adjusted 
accordingly.” Earthjustice Joint Comments at 11.
DCC recommends that the model tariff should direct utilities to explain how their 
proposed collateral levels fit with the rest of the package and to show that the combined 
effect is proportional to the real risk to the system. DCC argues that this kind of 
integrated, risk-based approach will give the Commission a solid basis to protect existing 
customers, while still leaving room for serious large-load projects to commit, build, and 
serve as long-term contributors to the grid. DCC Comments at 10-11.
characteristics that may pose greater dangers to the overall grid should be required to 
invest more capital than safer projects. DCC argues that when a Large Load Customer 
drives specific upgrades that would not be built but for that project, it is reasonable to set 
collateral at a defined share of the at-risk investment or a capped portion of the minimum 
billing demand over the minimum tenn rather than collateral that simply minors
100 percent of all future minimum charges. KEEA Comments at 3. Constellation 
Comments at 3.
possibility that security may be required at different times, and potentially in different 
forms, to support different phases of Large Load Customer analysis and construction. 
PECO recommends that the model tariff should not include any provisions restricting 
EDC flexibility in these areas. PECO Comments at 14.

===PAGE 46===
ATTACHME560630083
non-discriminatory access to the grid be assured and that any deposit structure should 
reflect that overarching goal. KEEA Comments at 3.
PECO seeks to resolve the conflict between the collateral provision’s “ultimate 
parent or a corporate affiliate” and the Large Load Customer provision’s “financial 
sponsor.” PECO states that a financial sponsor could be a non-affiliated third party that is 
willing and able to provide a guarantee similar to that of a parent or corporate affiliate. 
PECO Comments at 13.
KEEA urges the Commission to consider establishing a fund, to be paid into by 
the Large Load Customers, that would recover any stranded costs caused by a project that 
does not come to fruition. KEEA also recommends that the Commission ensure that 
Constellation proposes that the Commission should provide additional incentives 
for projects that impose minimal or no network transmission upgrades beyond reduced 
collateral. Constellation argues that such incentives, which can include expedited 
interconnection processes and flexible ramp schedules, would further encourage new 
large load to locate in the most efficient areas on the grid - where upgrade needs are 
minimal. Constellation Comments at 3.
DCC suggests that the model tariff should recognize the difference between a 
well-capitalized parent with strong credit metrics and a thinly capitalized special-purpose 
entity with no track record by allowing reduced or zero incremental collateral when a 
customer meets objective tests, such as a minimum credit rating, a minimum tangible net 
worth threshold, or a demonstrated ability to self-fund obligations of the size at issue. 
DCC also suggests that for other customers, enhanced collateral can still be reasonable, 
but it should be calibrated to that higher risk, not to an abstract worst case. DCC 
Comments at 10.

===PAGE 47===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
Many environmental stakeholders and I-CPIE oppose the Tentative Order’s 
proposal of identifying the “majority beneficiary.” Only Constellation expresses support 
for the proposal, advocating for the use of risk-based flexibility. Some stakeholders 
propose a presumption that the Large Load Customer is the majority beneficiary, stating 
that detennining the majority beneficiary requires an unreasonable degree of utility 
discretion. I-CPIE proposes that financial security should be based on the percentage of 
use estimated to be needed rather than a majority beneficiary criterion, arguing that the 
provision will not align with cost causation principles and will lead to cost shifting if the 
Large Load Customer receives just below the majority. We agree with the comments that 
characterize the “major beneficiary” proposal as uncertain, difficult to quantify and in 
need of greater stakeholder vetting. We agree that such a proposal would be better 
resolved in a rate proceeding or formal tariff filing instead of being addressed in the 
model tariff.
We proposed that financial security should be sufficient to cover the cost of any 
Large Load Customer’s share of network upgrades for which the Large Load Customer is 
the majority beneficiary and that will be partially allocated to other customers of the 
EDC. The proposal for the financial security was not opposed. Therefore, we find the 
proposed collateral requirement reasonable and maintain the requirement in the model 
tariff we are adopting.
Einally, we proposed that any financial security or collateral provided should be 
reduced or refunded over time as load ramp milestones are met and facility costs are paid. 
OCA, Constellation, and Amazon support the Tentative Order’s proposal, agreeing that 
the proposal will minimize risks on customers and potential overcollection from EDCs. 
PECO and EAP express opposition, stating that the proposal introduces risks due to 
changing creditworthiness and premature exits that may lead to costs that are shifted to 

===PAGE 48===
ATTACHME560630083
Contributions in Aid of Construction (CIAC)
be made explicitly clear in the Final Order that utilities should not be permitted to earn a 
The Shapiro Administration, Protect PT, Earthjustice’s joint comments,
CAUSE-PA, TURN, and KEEA recommend that, in an abundance of caution, it should 
other customers. We are not persuaded by stakeholder comments to modify our proposal. 
We find that the proposal reasonably promotes economic development and reduces risks 
on customers and potential overcollection from EDCs. While we acknowledge the 
concerns of PECO, NRDC, and KEEA regarding stranded costs, if the reduced or 
refunded collateral is properly calculated by the EDC, there should be little or no 
stranded costs. Therefore, we expect that if there is not enough remaining collateral, 
CIAC, and/or exit fees to cover the costs resulting from the entrance and/or exit of a 
Large Load Customer, it is the responsibility of the utility to address these costs in a way 
that reduces the chance that there will be stranded costs.
In the Tentative Order we proposed that Large Load Customers should bear 
interconnection costs that solely benefit the interconnection customer through CIAC, 
consistent with cost causation principles and that EDCs should handle CIAC for Large 
Load Customers in the same manner that CIAC is implemented for all other EDC tariff 
customers. Beyond facilities which solely benefit the new large load, we further found 
that given the nature of large loads, they may receive most of the benefits from facilities 
that would have historically benefited the system. That is, very large loads may cause 
network upgrades which benefit the system, but large loads themselves still use up most 
of the benefits. We found that a Large Load Customer should make a CIAC contribution 
to offset the cost of the line if they receive more than half of the benefit of this line. 
Additionally, we requested comments concerning voluntary CIAC and the validity and 
appropriateness of a mechanism whereby voluntary CIAC contributions entail supported 
projects moving up in the construction queue or expediting interconnection times.

===PAGE 49===
ATTACHME560630083
For facilities that solely benefit the new large load, Earthjustice’s joint comments 
suggest the Commission consider directly assigning dedicated facilities costs to the 
customer without the opportunity to offset some or all of the up-front costs via a CIAC 
contract. Earthjustice’s joint comments submit that customers requesting service must 
complete payment or arrange installment payments before construction can commence. 
Earthjustice Joint Comments at 16.
There is consensus supporting CIAC requirements that ensure that Large Load 
Customers pay the full cost for interconnection, including dedicated facilities and 
upgrades, which solely benefit the new large load. Constellation states that this approach 
(1) is consistent with cost causation principles, (2) will help ensure ratepayers are not on 
the hook for the costs of facilities from which they do not benefit, and (3) incentivize 
designs and configurations that have the least impact on the grid and other customers. 
Constellation Comments at 2. The Shapiro Administration Comments at 4-5. OCA 
Comments at 21-22. MBA Comments at 3. FirstEnergy Comments at 8. Citizens’ and 
Wellsboro Comments at 4. Google Comments at 1.
return on CIAC. The Shapiro Administration states that it is common practice not to 
include CIACs in a utility’s rate base. No stakeholders have expressed opposition 
regarding this topic. The Shapiro Administration Comments at 5. Protect PT Comments 
at 3. Earthjustice Joint Comments at 15-16. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 31-32. 
KEEA Comments at 3.
If the Commission determines to reverse the long-standing principle that utilities 
may not earn a return on CIAC, CAUSE-PA and TURN submit that the Commission 
must ensure those new utility revenues are borne solely by the large load class and are not 
in any way allocated to other classes. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 32.

===PAGE 50===
ATTACHME560630083
Protect PT (if Large Load Customer benefits more than 50%) and OCA (if Large 
Load Customer is a cost causer and benefits less than 51%) propose that the degree of 
CIAC payment contribution be equivalent to the degree of benefit that the Large Load 
Customer receives. OCA argues that under the <51% scenario in the Tentative Order, the 
Large Load Customer would not be directly assigned any of the costs for that Network 
Improvement, which would heighten risk for stranded costs and be unreasonable because 
all ratepayers would be financially obligated to pay for that network improvement 
predominately caused by the cost-causer - the Large Load Customer. Protect PT 
Comments at 3. OCA Comments at 25-26.
OCA recommends that if a Large Load Customer is the but-for cause of 
distribution or transmission Network Improvements - i.e., but for the Large Load 
Customer, those upgrades would not have been needed - then the Large Load Customer 
should be responsible 100% of the cost of those upgrades. While OCA applauds the 
Commission for requiring a portion to be paid up-front in a CIAC that can equal the 
portion of benefits to be received by the Large Load Customer, as for the remaining 
portion of the distribution Network Improvements recovered from the Large Load 
Customer in minimum distribution demand charges, the utility should credit the 
recovered share against the utility’s revenue requirement to the benefit of all consumers. 
OCA Comments at 23-24.
The Shapiro Administration, Protect PT, Mainspring, and Google generally 
support the Tentative Order’s findings that the triggering Large Load Customers who 
receive more than half of the benefit from the network upgrade should make a CIAC 
payment. Mainspring supports the Commission’s focus on aligning cost responsibility 
with cost causation. The Shapiro Administration Comments at 4-5. Protect PT Comments 
at 3. Mainspring Comments at 7. Google Comments at 1.

===PAGE 51===
ATTACHME560630083
In all scenarios, OCA recommends that the Commission requires the utility to 
conduct and file with the Commission an incremental cost of service study for all Large 
Load Customers and to serve it on the Statutory Advocates. OCA argues that the results 
of the incremental cost study will be able to support the utility’s claim of the extent to 
which the Large Load Customer benefits from the Network Improvements. OCA 
Comments at 26.
CAUSE-PA, TURN, Mainspring, FirstEnergy, PPL, and EAP seek clarification 
regarding the definition of how benefits are defined and calculated. FirstEnergy states 
that it is unclear what the standard is for determining “benefit,” or over what time period. 
CAUSE-PA and TURN recommend that the tenn “benefits” should be defined to include 
improved affordability, enhanced reliability, expanded capacity, increased congestion 
relief, and improved operational flexibility. Mainspring recommends that the
Commission should direct that “benefit” be quantified based on a customer’s incremental 
contribution to the constrained distribution peak (i.e., incremental coincident peak 
distribution import), rather than nameplate site load, so that Large Load Customers that 
make verifiable peak import-cap commitments through onsite generation and/or 
controllable load are not assigned distribution upgrade costs for capacity they do not 
require. Mainspring argues that if the Commission were to instead base the “benefit” on 
nameplate size load, it would ignore the significant opportunities presented by non-firm 
service. EAP recommends that benefits should be calculated based on capacity basis, 
energy basis, contingency scenarios, and study parameters. CAUSE-PA and TURN 
Comments at 27 and 30. Mainspring Comments at 10-12 and 15. FirstEnergy Comments 
at 8-12. PPL Comments at 8-9. EAP Comments at 9-11.
The Shapiro Administration recommends that the Commission should be more 
specific about the appropriate methods for determining beneficiaries based on the 
reliability issue triggering the network upgrade. The Shapiro Administration Comments 
at 4-5.

===PAGE 52===
ATTACHME560630083
If the Commission includes the “more than half of the benefit” standard in its Final
PennFuture recommends that the Final Order should provide a clear and 
transparent process for determining how “more than half of the benefit” is defined. EAP 
also recommends clarifications regarding exactly what “more than half’ means 
(>50.0%? >50.0%? >50% with some tolerance band?). PennFuture Comments at 4. EAP 
Comments at 9-11.
Order, Duquesne recommends the Commission clarify whether usage allocation is to be 
based on a one-time calculation or updated on a certain cadence. Duquesne argues that 
these projects are not conducive to a hard and fast threshold and that the percentage of an 
asset used by a single customer may not be static, as customers establish, stop, or modify 
service. Duquesne also shares concerns about the methodology used to calculate what 
constitutes using 50% of an asset. Duquesne Comments at 9-10.
CAUSE-PA and TURN state that the Commission does not offer any factors for 
consideration in determining whether “more than half of the benefit” will inure to other 
customers. They recommend that the model tariff includes explicit parameters to guide 
application of its benefits-driven socialization threshold and that for each claimed benefit 
type, the Commission should identify quantifiable factors to assess whether the claimed 
benefits are necessary, prudent, affordable, and reasonably certain to materialize. 
CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 27-30.
EAP recommends critical clarifications including whether initial detenninations 
are fixed or subject to adjustment, how parties will resolve disagreements about benefit 
calculations, how PUC detenninations interface with FERC-jurisdictional transmission 
cost allocation, and whether/how customers receive credit if their benefit percentage 
declines. EAP Comments at 9-11.

===PAGE 53===
ATTACHME560630083
Various parties disagree with the Tentative Order’s “more than half of the benefit” 
standard. State Senator Katie J. Muth, PennFuture, CAUSE-PA, and TURN share 
State Senator Lindsey M. Williams, PennFuture, CAUSE-PA, and TURN 
recommend adopting a rebuttable presumption within the model tariff that assumes all 
costs associated with the interconnection of a Large Load Customer are solely for the 
benefit of that customer—and require that triggering customer to cover the entire cost of 
necessary system upgrades through CI AC. CAUSE-PA and TURN argue that costs 
associated with large load interconnection should only be socialized to other customers to 
the extent there is substantial and quantifiable evidence that the upgrades were otherwise 
necessary and would have been pursued in the absence of the interconnection large load 
or required for unrelated regional reliability purposes. Senator Williams argues that a 
public utility shall not be permitted to assign costs to non-large load ratepayers based on 
DCC suggests that the Final Order should clarify CIAC treatment, so customers 
pay once for incremental facilities and receive appropriate credits if facilities later serve 
other customers. DCC Comments at 13.
concerns that the Commission’s proposal leaves substantial room for manipulation from 
both utilities and Large Load Customers and allows them to avoid full responsibility for 
built facilities. FirstEnergy argues that (1) the Commission lacks jurisdiction over 
transmission facilities and allocation of their costs to customers, as applied in 
Appalachian Power Co. v. Pub. Serv. Comm ’n ofW. Va., and (2) the Commission’s 
tentative proposal is flawed on the merits. EAP argues that determining “more than 50% 
benefit” for each large load interconnection would require an undue study and analysis 
burden on EDCs, causing potential disputes to arise between customers, EDCs, 
transmission owners, and regulators about how to calculate benefits as well as 
significantly extend interconnection timelines. Muth Comments at 2. PennFuture 
Comments at 4. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 28-30. FirstEnergy Comments at 
8-12. EAP Comments at 9-11.

===PAGE 54===
ATTACHME560630083
Comments at 28-30.
generalized, ancillary, or theoretical benefits to those ratepayers absent of actual, 
quantifiable evidence demonstrating that such costs incurred were necessary for a 
purpose other than the electricity demand of the Large Load Customer. PennFuture 
argues that a rebuttable presumption will not only ensure that costs are borne by those 
who benefit from them but will also incentivize transparency and information sharing 
from Large Load Customers who wish to show why costs for particular upgrades should 
be shared. Williams Comments at 3. PennFuture Comments at 4. CAUSE-PA and TURN
Earthjustice’s joint comments, CAUSE-PA, TURN, and OSBA recommend that 
the customer should make a CIAC payment that is proportionate to the assessed customer 
benefit of the line, even if they receive less than half of the total benefit of a given grid 
asset. OSBA argues that this recommendation attempts to avoid an “all or nothing” 
scenario whereby a 1% or 2% variance in attributed benefit near the 50% threshold could 
trigger or avoid a large payment, which parties may interpret as inequitable, particularly 
in cases where a CIAC is not triggered despite a significant (albeit under 50%) benefit 
attributed to the applicant. Earthjustice’s joint comments argue that this will ensure that 
NRDC suggests that the Commission should instead require costs to be covered in 
full, then provide refunds in an appropriate manner and on a case-by-case basis. NRDC 
argues that the mechanism to collect payments is up to the Commission’s discretion— 
CIACs and Advances would similarly protect other customers from financial risks, but 
Advances may provide more flexibility under certain conditions, such as if future 
customers connect to the same facility. NRDC also argues that it falls within the 
Commission’s jurisdiction to require retail customers to pay for their interconnection 
costs, as this is a retail service need regardless of whether it is classified by utilities as 
transmission, citing the Initial Brief of the JNGO group in the active case regarding 
Commonwealth Edison’s large load tariff in Illinois. NRDC Comments at 3 and 6.

===PAGE 55===
ATTACHME560630083
Duquesne recommends that the Commission strike the suggestion to assign CIAC 
to a customer for a shared asset, arguing that it may not be appropriate and may add more 
burden and complication than benefit. Duquesne states that in most cases, the scale of 
these large users will make it clear if an asset is constructed primarily for the use of the 
Large Load Customer. Duquesne Comments at 10.
the fundamental principle of cost causation is maintained. Earthjustice Joint Comments at
15-16. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 28-30. OSBA Comments 3-4.
FirstEnergy suggests the Commission should follow the rolled-in rate treatment 
approach, which is supported by precedent and achieves equity among all transmission 
customers over time, rather than CIAC. FirstEnergy states that FERC policy has long 
favored rolled-in rate treatment for transmission network upgrades, meaning that the 
costs are added to the utility’s rate base and recovered from all customers (generally 
proportionally based on the wholesale transmission customers’ respective loads, which 
means that larger customers pay more). FirstEnergy also states that the Commission has 
previously found CIAC treatment appropriate for “service lines” (akin to the Tentative
PPL suggests that if the Commission adopts a CIAC rule, it should reflect (or at 
least pennit) PPL’s practice, where PPL evaluates necessary system upgrades and 
segregates the costs into customer-specific costs which will be paid through CIAC and 
costs that will be socialized through rates. This is done on a case-by-case basis with a 
focus on whether “the specific upgrade provides reliability benefits to the grid as a whole 
or if it only benefits the new customer.” PPL argues that this analysis ensures that CIAC 
charged to Large Load Customers is sufficiently tied to that specific customer’s costs 
rather than based on an arbitrary detennination. PPL also shared concerns over the 
Commission’s jurisdiction over the recovery of investment in transmission network 
upgrades, which PPL argues is a ratemaking question regulated by FERC. PPL 
Comments at 8-9.

===PAGE 56===
ATTACHME560630083
Order’s “facilities which solely benefit the new large load”) but inappropriate for “supply 
lines” (akin to the Tentative Order’s “network upgrades which benefit the system as a 
whole”) in Kossman v. Pa. Pub. Util. Comm’n. FirstEnergy Comments at 10-13.
State Senator Carolyn Comitta, CCJ, EEE, EEN, PennFuture, CAUSE-PA, TURN, 
and PAWC encourage the Commission to ensure that the tariff strictly enforces the 
fundamental principle of cost causation and does not involve shifting the cost of 
powering large loads like data centers onto existing ratepayers. PennFuture further 
suggests that these shifting costs include not only direct subsidies, but also indirect 
subsidies resulting from the assumption of risks. CCJ also suggests that cost-causation 
principles should be binding and uniform across the Commonwealth. Senator Comitta 
raises various concerns, such as limited information and rapid evolution of Al, ongoing 
confusion and chaos at the federal level, attempts to cut programs, economic uncertainty, 
increasing electricity demand, and extreme weather. Senator Comitta, EEN, CAUSE-PA, 
and TURN argue that Pennsylvania’s families are already struggling to keep up with the 
State Representative Danielle Friel Otten, State Senator Katie J. Muth, CCJ, EEE, 
PennFuture, Invenergy, and PAWC recommend strengthening cost-allocation
requirements to ensure that the full cost of infrastructure (upgrades, facilities, generation, 
etc.) required to serve Large Load Customers is paid for by those Large Load Customers. 
Representative Otten argues that these costs can run into hundreds of millions of dollars, 
and that without regulatory or legislative safeguards in place, they are spread across all 
utility customers, leaving families, seniors, and small businesses to subsidize costs 
created by the largest energy users. Invenergy recognizes the clear emphasis on cost 
causation and the protection of existing customers, which is essential to maintaining 
public confidence in large-load growth and in the generation and transmission 
investments required to serve it. Otten Comments at 2. Muth Comments at 5. CCJ 
Comments at 2. EEE Comments at 1. PennFuture Comments at 2-4. Invenergy 
Comments at 4. PAWC Comments at 4.

===PAGE 57===
ATTACHME560630083
Comments at 2. EEE Comments at 1. EEN Comments at 1-2. PennFuture Comments at 
2-4. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 5 and 12. PAWC Comments at 4.
State Senator Carolyn Comitta and State Representative Danielle Friel Otten 
advocate for the assurance that (1) residential and small business ratepayers in 
Pennsylvania will not absorb any additional costs created by Large Load Customers, and 
(2) Large Load Customers—not residential ratepayers—are liable for any stranded costs 
if a facility closes or ends up needing less energy than it asked the utility to supply. 
Representative Otten also advocates for requiring Large Load Customers to bear the full 
cost of system impacts they create. Comitta Comments at 2. Otten Comments at 1-2.
The Shapiro Administration recommends that the Commission provide additional 
guidance on cost allocation methodology when ratepayer funding is used to recover 
network upgrade costs triggered by large load interconnection. The Administration also 
suggests that the Commission should address cost allocation methods when project 
beneficiaries extend beyond one EDC service territory. The Shapiro Administration 
Comments at 5.
pace of increasing energy costs. CAUSE-PA and TURN also state that the Commission 
should not look at merely protecting existing customers from undue burdens as there is 
no “due” burden for residential consumers to bear. Comitta Comments at 1-2. CCJ
MBA and AEU recommend that the cost allocation methodology should fairly 
allocate costs caused by Large Load Customers across the system, ensuring that each 
customer class is paying its full cost of service. MBA understands allocating these costs 
poses a significant challenge when distinguishing between the costs that are associated 
with Large Load Customers and the costs that benefit all users, which arose because the 
energy infrastructure needs additional investment. MBA Comments at 3. AEU Comments 
at 2.

===PAGE 58===
ATTACHME560630083
Comments at 15. PPL Comments at 9. EAP Comments at 11-12.
requirements. PPL and EAP state that the issues that determine customer interconnection 
project timelines (including site selection, permitting, and Right-of-Way acquisition) are 
unique to each project and cannot be accelerated through additional monetary 
consideration. KEEA Comments at 3-4. Citizens’ and Wellsboro Comments at 4. PECO
Concerning voluntary CIAC, the Shapiro Administration and OCA both express 
support agreeing that voluntary CIAC could be one of many criteria used to qualify for 
expedited load queue consideration and/or load interconnection. Regarding this expedited 
process, OCA recommends that (1) all reliability studies and standards are completed and 
abided by, (2) existing interconnection requests prior to the establishment of this 
mechanism are not adversely affected, and (3) a comprehensive mechanism is proposed, 
reviewed, and commented upon by all stakeholders. The Shapiro Administration 
encourages the Commission to provide clearer regulatory guidance on expedited load 
queue and interconnection processes that ensure maintenance of reliability. The Shapiro 
Administration Comments at 5. OCA Comments at 26-27.
KEEA, some EDCs, and EAP express opposition regarding voluntary CIAC. 
KEEA argues that allowing projects to be pushed back in the queue due to another Large 
Load Customer’s contributions would add a level of uncertainty to the process that could 
disincentivize these projects from happening at all. Citizens’ and Wellsboro argue that 
expediting some projects may delay the completion of other projects that were submitted 
earlier. PECO and EAP argue that special treatment for projects able to make a voluntary 
CIAC contribution would be both a departure from the Commission’s long-standing 
commitment to non-discriminatory service and would likely lead to disputes that would 
frustrate any efficiency goals the Commission may have in advancing such a policy. 
PECO also notes that the expanded use of CIAC, especially in the context of large load 
interconnections, is often not as protective of other customers as there are other structures 
that ensure a contribution to both incremental and embedded costs and revenue 

===PAGE 59===
ATTACHME560630083
means.
EDF suggests the following principles to guide the Commission’s resolution of the 
issue involving CIAC:
Earthjustice’s joint comments suggest that a determination of CIAC contributions 
that relies on an anticipated usage level and associated revenue should contain a 
provision requiring an alteration of assigned rates or an additional construction 
contribution in the event that anticipated usage levels do not materialize, or the project is 
terminated before completion. Earthjustice Joint Comments at 15-16.
EDF expects that a combined approach - through which the utility recovers 
interconnection facility and associated up-front costs through CIAC, and the remainder of 
its incremental costs through a secured revenue guarantee - may constitute a balanced 
and efficient solution. EDF Comments at 7-8.
• Any costs triggered by a Large Load Customer that are not included in its secured 
revenue guarantee should be recovered through CIAC.
• To the extent a customer’s secured revenue guarantee does not fully offset the rate 
base and associated ratemaking impacts of the customer-triggered facilities, the 
amount of such shortfall should be recovered through CIAC. For example, EDF 
agrees with EAP’s initial comments that any CIAC for customer-triggered 
facilities should be subject to tax gross-up, to avoid inappropriate socialization of 
the utility’s tax expense.
• While CIAC can recover some of a utility’s incremental costs triggered by a Large 
Load Customer, it is not a suitable tool for ensuring the customer’s contribution 
toward the utility’s embedded costs, which should be secured through other

===PAGE 60===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
The FERC established a seven-factor test to differentiate between distribution and 
transmission system assets in FERC Order 888. Transmission tariffs and rates fall under 
federal jurisdiction and are the purview of FERC. Regulation of retail customers, 
however, falls under state jurisdiction. As NRDC noted in its comments, the Commission 
has jurisdiction over interconnection for retail customers within the Commonwealth, 
regardless of whether the interconnection is to the distribution or transmission system. 
NRDC Comments at 6.
We would also note that while it was specifically on the issue of increased 
capacity and generation costs, this but-for test would also align with the statement of 
principles agreed to by the governors of the thirteen states that comprise PJM
Regarding Contributions in Aid of Construction, our Tentative Order sought input 
on the allocation of costs for network upgrades. The questions of CIAC and cost 
allocation for network upgrades are fairly settled with respect to investments that solely 
benefit a single customer - the beneficiary pays. Network Improvements that have 
broader benefits to the grid as a whole are generally socialized across the rate base, at 
least in part. And when upgrades occur on the transmission rather than the distribution 
system, questions of state versus federal jurisdiction arise.
Several commenters, including members of the General Assembly and the OCA, 
suggested that the Commission take a broader view of cost causation principles when 
allocating costs. Specifically, the OCA suggested the use of a “but-for” cause test. By this 
standard, if a Network Improvement would not have been needed “but for” the 
interconnection of the Large Load Customer, then the costs of the upgrade would be 
allocated to that customer irrespective of whether other customers would benefit from it. 
OCA Comments at 16.

===PAGE 61===
ATTACHME560630083
1 Statement of Principles Regarding PJM
Interconnection, which stated that state utility commissions should use their authority to 
allocate all costs necessitated by new large loads to those customers and to protect 
existing ratepayers.1 Other commenters, including Senator Lindsey Williams,
PennFuture, CAUSE-PA, and TURN recommend adopting a rebuttable presumption that 
assumes all costs associated with interconnecting a Large Load Customer are solely for 
that customer’s benefit.
We believe both sides have a valid argument, however we are ultimately 
persuaded by the arguments of the OCA and others regarding cost causation. Therefore, if 
a Network Improvement would not have been needed “but for” the interconnection of the 
Large Load Customer, then the costs of the upgrade should be allocated to that customer 
irrespective of whether other customers would benefit from it. In such instances, the EDC 
should assess a CIAC for Large Load Customer additions to recover all distribution and 
transmission costs necessary to interconnect the new Large Load Customer. The only 
exception to this should be for any upgrades or additions that were already planned by the 
EDC pursuant to a Commission-approved Long-Tenn Infrastnicture Improvement Plan 
(LTIIP) before the Large Load Customer requested service. Future network 
improvements made to interconnect these Large Load Customers that would not have 
been made but for the interconnection of these customers should be paid by the Large 
Load Customer in the form of CIAC. Given the unprecedented nature of this load growth, 
we find that the Commission’s approach to cost allocation must adapt to shield ratepayers 
from socialization of costs that are properly attributed to Large Load
However, Large Load Customers may be concerned about paying costs of current 
planned improvements that are needed for an aging grid. Yet, these same customers have 
also indicated their support for paying for infrastructure improvements they are requiring, 
or CIAC.

===PAGE 62===
ATTACHME560630083
Minimum Contract Terms
customer.
Customers while protecting the Large Load Customer from paying for previously 
Commission-approved LTIIP planned improvements.
In the Tentative Order we found there is broad consensus supporting minimum 
initial contract terms and exit fees to ensure cost recovery and system stability. We have 
proposed additional contract terms for Large Load Customers that intend to ramp-up load 
requirements over time. We invited comments on the five-year minimum initial contract 
length tentatively selected, as well as the proposed contract terms for a ramping 
There is consensus from commenters opposing the Tentative Order’s proposed 
five-year minimum contract length. State Senator Lindsey M. Williams, State Senator 
Katie J. Muth, PennFuture, EDF, NRDC, Protect PT, OCA, IECPA, and I-CPIE share 
concerns that the proposal is too short to ensure that utilities and customers will be 
protected from stranded costs, highlighting other large load tariffs with longer contract 
terms. Duquesne and FirstEnergy also share concerns that a minimum contract length of 
five years could set an expectation for customers and hinder the EDCs' ability to set a 
longer length when appropriate. IECPA also argues that the Commission’s proposed exit 
Additionally, we requested comments concerning voluntary CIAC as well as its 
validity and appropriateness. We agree with PECO and EAP that special treatment for 
projects able to make a voluntary CIAC contribution in exchange for expedited load 
queue consideration and/or load interconnection would be a departure from the 
Commission’s long-standing commitment to non-discriminatory service and would likely 
lead to disputes. Therefore, the model tariff will not include language that Large Load 
Customers provide voluntary CIAC contributions in exchange for expedited load queue 
consideration and/or load interconnection.

===PAGE 63===
ATTACHME560630083
10. NRDC Comments at 7. Protect PT Comments at 3. OCA Comments at 28-29. IECPA
• OCA and FirstEnergy recommend 10 years. FirstEnergy argues that ten years 
strikes a more reasonable balance between customer protection and data center 
commercial needs and viability and is more consistent with industry trends
The two most common recommendations propose a minimum contract length of 
12 years and 20 years. State Senator Lindsey M. Williams, CAUSE-PA, TURN, IECPA, 
and KEEA support a minimum contract term of 12 years. They argue that this 
recommendation would align with the contract tenn in other PJM states, keeping 
Pennsylvania competitive in relation to neighboring states while providing better 
assurance against stranded costs. State Senator Katie J. Muth, Protect PT, Earthjustice’s 
joint comments, and I-CPIE support a minimum contract tenn of 20 years. They argue 
that this recommendation would align with the useful life and cost recovery periods of the 
infrastructure constructed to serve Large Load Customers. Williams Comments at 2. 
CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 37-39. IECPA Comments at 8. KEEA Comments 
provision provides additional support for a longer contract tenn, as it allows for a “softer 
landing” for a Large Load Customer who exits early if another organization is found to 
step into the departing customer’s shoes by stepping in to use the previously utilized 
interconnection. Multiple parties have proposed increased minimum contract lengths, 
while others advocate for retaining/strengthening utility discretion. Williams Comments 
at 2. Muth Comments at 3 and 5. PennFuture Comments at 3. EDF Comments at 8 and 
Comments at 8. I-CPIE Comments at 3-4. Duquesne Comments at 11. FirstEnergy 
Comments at 13-14.
at 4. Muth Comments at 3 and 5. Protect PT Comments at 3. Earthjustice Joint Comments 
at 16-17. I-CPIE Comments at 3-4.
There are other recommendations suggesting different minimum contract lengths, 
with some offering a range of years:

===PAGE 64===
ATTACHME560630083
Comments at 7.
• Amazon recommends 8-12 years. Amazon argues that this offers secondary 
benefits to more accurately forecast and plan for long-term energy needs. Amazon 
Comments at 3.
• DCC and Duquesne recommend 5-10 years. DCC states that a reasonable range 
framework, subject to case-specific justification and Commission review, is more 
likely to produce outcomes that reflect the actual mix of distribution and 
transmission investments needed to serve a particular project. DCC Comments at 
4. Duquesne Comments at 11.
• OSBA recommends 8-10 years. OSBA notes that other jurisdictions have imposed 
ranges from 5 years (Georgia) up to 15 years (Michigan), and many within that 
range, for instance Oregon at 10 years and Indiana and Ohio at 12 years. OSBA 
Comments at 4-5.
• EDF and NRDC recommend 15 years. EDF also suggests that these 15 years 
should include a revenue guarantee period designed to recover the utility’s 
incremental costs, plus an additional period designed to secure the customer’s 
contribution toward embedded costs. EDF Comments at 8 and 10. NRDC
• CAUSE-PA and TURN recommend 10 years for loads exceeding 50 MW and
20 years for loads exceeding 100 MW. They state that according to the Rocky 
Mountain Institute, “large load tariffs feature minimum tenn lengths ranging from 
1 to 20 years, and longer-term lengths have become more common in recent 
proposals.” They also state that while the average minimum contract tenn was
5 years in 2024, the average tenn is now 10.9 years. CAUSE-PA and TURN 
Comments at 37-39.
towards more and larger data center facilities, greater investments in infrastructure 
additions, and the conesponding need for increased customer protection. OCA 
argues that a ten-year minimum contract would help EDCs to structure contracts 
with its suppliers and contractors. OCA Comments at 28-29. FirstEnergy 
Comments at 13-14.

===PAGE 65===
ATTACHME560630083
• Google recommends 10-15 years. Google argues that infrastructure upgrades for 
loads of 50 MW or greater are significant capital undertakings with depreciation 
schedules spanning decades and that longer terms ensure that Large Load
Customers remain contributors to the system for a substantial period. Google also 
states that this approach is consistent with emerging regulatory frameworks, such 
as the Ameren Missouri Large Load Rate Plan (effective December 2025), which 
established a 12-year standard. Google Comments at 2-3.
The Shapiro Administration, Duquesne, and EAP recommend that the 
Commission adjust the final model tariff to emphasize that the contract terms should be 
based on the time until the cost of utility investment to serve the Large Load Customer 
has been fully repaid to prevent cost shifting to other customers. The Shapiro 
Administration states that the principles of cost causation and avoidance of cost shifting 
and cross subsidization should serve as the regulatory standard. The Shapiro
Administration Comments at 5-6. Duquesne Comments at 11. EAP Comments at 12-14.
Exus, some EDCs, and EAP recommend that the Commission adopt a flexible 
approach that clearly allows EDCs to have discretion to determine minimum contract 
terms based on each customer’s individual characteristics on a case-by-case basis. While 
the model tariff concerns guidelines and not requirements, Exus emphasizes the 
importance of protecting existing negotiated contractual arrangements between large 
loads and electric utilities with respect to new service applications and interconnection 
requests. PPL argues that the Commission should focus its analysis on the time required 
to recover costs paid by network customers for projects constructed because of the 
interconnection load. PPL and EAP also argue that having a set minimum contract term 
may result in the customer having load obligations that far exceed the cost of 
interconnection. Exus Comments at 9. PECO Comments at 16. Duquesne Comments at 
11. PPL Comments at 11. EAP Comments at 12-14.

===PAGE 66===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
on a case-by-case basis.
DCC suggests that utilities should be expected to explain why a proposed term is 
appropriate in light of asset lives, planning horizons, and the degree of customer-specific 
risk involved. DCC Comments at 4.
OCA suggests that EDCs that sign contracts with Large Load Customers that are 
less than 20 years of duration should be required to inform the Commission and provide 
justification for why such a contract will not result in stranded investment. OCA also 
suggests that the Commission should make clear that EDCs, not ratepayers, are 
responsible for stranded investments that should have been paid by the Large Load 
Customer but were not because the utility did not sign a contract of sufficient duration. 
OCA Comments at 30.
We proposed a five-year minimum initial contract length in the Tentative Order. 
There is consensus from commenters opposing the Tentative Order’s proposed five-year 
minimum contract length with the two most common recommendations being 12 years 
(to align with the contract term in other PJM states) and 20 years (to align with the useful 
life and cost recovery periods of the infrastructure constructed to serve Large Load 
Customers). Other stakeholders recommended minimum contract lengths ranging from 
5 to 15 years, while Exus, some EDCs, and EAP advocate for utility discretion to 
determine minimum contract terms based on each customer’s individual characteristics 
Exus recommends that the individualized contract terms between the Large Load 
Customer and the EDC should be based on the particular large load or data center 
application, load study, construction service agreement, energy service agreement, and 
particular customer profile. Exus Comments at 9.

===PAGE 67===
ATTACHME560630083
Interconnection Studies and Interconnection Agreements
Additionally, we proposed that biannually (2 times per year), during a specified 
Network Open Season, Large Load Customers may apply for interconnection studies, 
We maintain our decision to require a five-year minimum initial contract length. 
We note that some comments for longer contract terms may be addressing the general 
contract term, including the ramp period, and not just the initial contract length. We find 
that this minimum initial contract length is reasonable given recent industry trends. Our 
proposal allows EDCs to conduct a five-year revenue review during which the large load 
is at its Contract Capacity. This also aligns with the principles of cost causation and 
avoidance of cost shifting and cross subsidization. However, we are persuaded by the 
viewpoints of the Shapiro Administration, Duquesne, and EAP that the Commission 
should emphasize that actual contract terms should be based on the time until the cost of 
utility investment to serve the Large Load Customer has been fully repaid to prevent cost 
shifting to other customers. Therefore, we adopt this recommendation in addition to the 
minimum initial contract length of 5 years.
In the Tentative Order we discussed EDCs’ interconnection queues, queue 
management, interconnection requirements and load ramping requirements. We noted 
that utilities should have some flexibility for determining study timelines, ensuring 
high-quality results; however, we encouraged utilities to give additional transparency to 
customers looking to interconnect and found that six months is a reasonable maximum 
time to complete interconnection studies unless there are exigent circumstances and that 
after six months, independent studies conducted by approved contractors at the Large 
Load Customers’ expense should be an option. We also proposed that failure of an EDC 
to complete the required studies in a timely manner should result in a refund to the 
applicant. We proposed that 50% of the application fee be refunded to the applicant for 
each 90-day period beyond the six-month completion deadline.

===PAGE 68===
ATTACHME560630083
The discussion on a maximum timeframe for interconnection studies reveals 
significant disagreement over the Tentative Order’s proposal. While multiple 
stakeholders express support, others suggest a higher timeframe or submit that the Final 
Order should not prescribe a maximum study time.
CFPPA, Mainspring, Invenergy, Constellation, Vistra, Amazon, and DCC support 
the Tentative Order’s proposal that EDCs complete interconnection studies within six 
months absent exigent circumstances. CFPPA agrees that this principle aligns with recent 
efforts to improve regulatory certainty. Amazon submits that delivering these studies in 
appropriate and predictable timelines helps remove speculative loads while protecting 
interconnection queues from gridlock and bloat. CFPPA Comments at 1-2. Mainspring 
Comments at 6 and 15. Invenergy Comments at 3. Constellation Comments at 2. Vistra 
Comments at 4-5. Amazon Comments at 3-4. DCC Comments at 12.
which will be analyzed as cluster studies and that the costs for the studies will be 
allocated to the Large Load Customers requesting the interconnection studies in a pro rata 
share. Finally, we proposed that EDCs make available on their public websites a list of 
Large Load Customer interconnection applications by zip code listing the date accepted, 
the MW interconnection amount sought, and the stage of interconnection study process.
OCA, many EDCs, and EAP disagree with the proposed maximum 
interconnection timelines. OCA, PECO, Duquesne, PPL, and EAP argue that the range of 
complexity makes it impractical to determine what these timelines should be, meaning 
there is no “one-size-fits-all” approach to studying these projects. OCA highlights the 
importance of conducting comprehensive and technically sound studies for 
interconnections to the interstate transmission system, and that NERC is reviewing and 
revising its study requirements, which should be heeded. Duquesne also highlights the 
potential need to collaborate with Transmission Owners or neighboring EDCs as well as 
the potential need to consider new right-of-way access and agreements to enable delivery 

===PAGE 69===
ATTACHME560630083
PECO suggests that if a maximum study period is adopted, the average study 
period should be approximately eighteen months or beyond, subject to a variety of 
factors. PECO Comments at 6-8.
Mainspring, some EDCs, and DCC seek clarification regarding application 
completeness and the start/stop of the “clock” associated with any imposed maximum 
of power to customer sites. In addition, EAP submits that other states do not apply a 
mandated maximum timeline for interconnection, highlighting that Indiana (Indiana 
Michigan Power) utilizes a reasonable diligence standard, West Virginia (Appalachian 
Power) has timelines tied to complexity, and Virginia’s proposal contemplates 9-12 
months for large loads timelines. OCA Comments at 31-32. PECO Comments at 6-8. 
Duquesne Comments at 12-14. FirstEnergy Comments at 15. PPL Comments at 13. 
Citizens’ and Wellsboro Comments at 4-5. EAP Comments at 14-16.
EAP recommends the Commission establish general principles for timely, 
transparent interconnection study processes while preserving EDCs’ discretion to 
establish reasonable timelines based on project complexity and system-specific factors. 
EAP also suggests that the Commission can ensure adequate performance through 
case-by-case review of alleged unreasonable delays rather than one-size-fits-all mandates 
that ignore the unprecedented complexity of large load interconnections. EAP Comments 
at 16-17.
Duquesne recommends the Commission establish an expectation that EDCs report 
any studies exceeding twelve months, with an explanation of the reasons for the review 
period length. Duquesne argues that this proposal not only serves to provide insight to the 
Commission for the reasons why studies may require more time, but also ensures EDCs 
have motivation to adhere to expedient timelines when possible. Duquesne Comments 
at 12-14.

===PAGE 70===
ATTACHME560630083
PPL seeks clarity on how the maximum study period would work with the 
proposed preferential queue position proposal. PPL states that if EDCs are forced to 
review applications out of order it may be difficult, if not impossible, to meet the 
proposed review deadlines. PPL Comments at 13-14.
PECO also argues that to be “complete,” all large load interconnection study 
requests require, at a high-level, (i) a viability assessment, including availability of land 
or rights of way that may be required for construction of infrastructure; (ii) local system 
planning; (iii) finalizing and delivering study results to the customer and obtaining 
customer approval to proceed; and (iv) regional coordination, review, and analysis by 
PJM to ensure reliability of the transmission system. PECO Comments at 6-8.
Regarding the Tentative Order’s provisions addressing failure to meet the 
deadline, there is no consensus among stakeholders. While some parties express support 
study period. Duquesne, PPL, and DDC emphasize the importance of guidance with clear 
and objective criteria on when an application is deemed complete when setting a firm 
time limit. Mainspring Comments at 15. PECO Comments at 7. Duquesne Comments at
15-16. PPL Comments at 13-14. DCC Comments at 12.
PECO submits that any request initiated by an applicant within that study to 
modify its required load must immediately “stop the clock” associated with any imposed 
maximum study period. PECO states that it may find it necessary to restart the entire 
study given customer’s updated requirements, which PECO suggests would require a 
“clock restart” on any imposed maximum study period. PECO argues that it should not 
be penalized for doing so, particularly if the cause is related to the customer’s changing 
requirements. Duquesne also seeks clarification on the opportunity to pause the clock for 
challenges outside of the EDC’s control. PECO Comments at 7. Duquesne Comments at 
15-16.

===PAGE 71===
ATTACHME560630083
over the refund mechanism and studies funded by Large Load Customers and conducted 
by independent contractors, others disagree or seek clarification.
If the Commission does retain the refund concept, PECO recommends that the 
Final Order terms should be revised to provide the flexibility necessary for EDCs to 
enlarge the maximum time period as necessary to accommodate external factors, the 
actions of third parties, and the necessity for additional studies. PECO Comments at 8.
If EDCs are financially liable for interconnection studies that they are unable to 
complete within six months, OCA further suggests that Commission must ensure that 
EDCs are not conducting incomplete interconnection studies to avoid rebating study fees 
to Large Load Customers. OCA Comments at 31.
Multiple EDCs and EAP oppose these independent study and refund provisions. 
Citizens, Wellsboro, FirstEnergy, and EAP argue that refunds deny the utility its 
opportunity to recover prudently inclined costs, in violation of basic utility ratemaking 
precedent. PECO and EAP argue that providing detailed system models, proprietary 
system information, and critical energy infrastructure infonnation to third parties raises 
serious security risks, NERC Critical Infrastructure Protection compliance issues, and 
liability concerns. PECO, FirstEnergy, and EAP also argue that EDCs must review the 
CFPPA, OCA, OSBA, Mainspring, Invenergy, and DCC support the Tentative 
Order’s proposal. CFPPA states that developers should have clear recourse protocols 
when utilities fail to complete a timely review of their projects. Invenergy submits that 
this proposal will increase schedule discipline and reduce uncertainty for projects that 
must meet commercial deadlines while preserving the rigor appropriate for large-load 
application reviews. CFPPA Comments at 1-2. OCA Comments at 31. OSBA Comments 
at 5-6. Mainspring Comments at 6 and 15. Invenergy Comments at 3. DCC Comments 
at 12.

===PAGE 72===
ATTACHME560630083
Duquesne recommends that the Commission should be encouraging thorough, 
rigorous assessments for reliability, not adding financial penalties based solely on a time 
clock. Duquesne Comments at 13-14.
EAP recommends that the ultimate model tariff and associated guidelines should 
affirm EDCs’ commitment to completing interconnection studies with reasonable 
diligence given project complexity and circumstances. If a customer believes an EDC is 
unreasonably delaying an interconnection, EAP suggests that the process should operate 
such that (1) the customer retain the ability to file a complaint with the Commission 
documenting timeline commitments made by the EDC, actual timeline experienced, 
evidence of delay, and alleged harm; (2) the EDC can then demonstrate whether the 
timeline was met per agreed-to milestones, any delays were justified (customer changes, 
transmission-owner delays, queue position, etc.) and whether the company exercised 
reasonable diligence under the circumstances; and (3) the Commission can detennine an 
appropriate penalty at that time, should it be warranted. EAP Comments at 17-18.
If the Commission finds that refund matters are best left to individual contracts, 
OSBA recommends that the model tariff clearly states that any refund costs arising from 
utility’s fault are not eligible for rate recovery. OSBA Comments at 5-6.
independent study for accuracy, which means EDCs and therefore ratepayers will incur 
costs. PECO and FirstEnergy submit that the imposition of such penalties is outside the 
scope of this proceeding and model tariff provisions. In addition, Duquesne argues that 
EDCs do not need further incentives to interconnect these large users, as EDCs already 
experience significant financial and reputational motivation, as well as significant 
political pressure to support and enable data center development. PECO Comments at 
8-9. Duquesne Comments at 13-14. FirstEnergy Comments at 15-16. Citizens’ and 
Wellsboro Comments at 5. EAP Comments at 17-19.

===PAGE 73===
ATTACHME560630083
OSBA notes several unresolved, important implementation questions:
OSBA urges the Commission to address these issues explicitly in the Final Order 
either by tightening the definition and dispute-resolution process or by clarifying that 
refunds triggered by delays within the utility’s reasonable control will not be recoverable 
in base rates. OSBA argues that this will protect small business ratepayers from both 
prolonged uncertainty and inappropriate cost shifts while preserving the intended 
discipline of the six-month timeline. OSBA Comments at 5-6.
Mainspring and EAP seek clarification on how a contractor would be deemed 
“approved.” EAP also states that the Commission’s proposal does not offer a way for the 
utility to supervise, control, audit, approve, review, or object to the independent 
• Definition  of “exigent circumstances”: The proposal allows extensions for exigent 
circumstances, but the term is not defined. A clear, objective definition (or 
illustrative examples) is needed to prevent subjective interpretation and delay.
• Dispute resolution: What happens if the utility and the applicant disagree on 
whether an exigent circumstance occurred or who was responsible for the delay? 
Without a defined process, such disagreements could lead to prolonged disputes, 
further delaying energization and creating uncertainty for all parties.
• Cost allocation: If a refund is triggered, should the cost ultimately be borne by the 
utility’s shareholders (for matters within the utility’s control) or socialized among 
ratepayers? Consumers should not be forced to subsidize refunds caused by 
controllable utility delays.
• Risk of open-ended timelines: Absent clear boundaries and consequences, 
repeated invocations of “exigent circumstances” across multiple projects could 
effectively nullify the six-month deadline, leading to a chaotic backlog of partially 
completed interconnections and diminished effectiveness of the overall 
framework.

===PAGE 74===
ATTACHME560630083
contractor’s work, while protecting critical transmission and distribution system 
information. Mainspring Comments at 6 and 15. EAP Comments at 18-19.
Concerning the proposal for a biannual Network Open Season for cluster studies, 
the majority of commenters support the concept with many proposing additional 
requirements or seeking clarity and guidance. However, PPL and EAP requests that there 
be flexibility as to the appropriate use and timing of cluster studies. PPL and EAP state 
that there is a risk that by mandating cluster studies, it will have the effect of slowing 
down certain interconnection applications and projects. PPL also states that cluster 
studies are location specific, will be different for EDCs, and may even be different for 
EDCs within its own service territory. PPL Comments at 14. EAP Comments at 19-20.
In opposition, Duquesne recommends the Commission postpone the Network 
Open Season recommendation and revisit via a working group. Duquesne argues that 
there is no track record of how project implementation following cluster studies has 
worked for projects of this scale and complexity. Duquesne also states that because of the 
scale and size of these proposed projects, one or two projects deciding not to move 
forward could impact the validity of the results, potentially requiring additional 
assessment. Duquesne Comments at 14.
Earthjustice’s joint comments, Mainspring, PECO, and DCC support the proposed 
Network Open Season concept. PECO argues that cluster studies are better suited to 
identifying the aggregate impact of multiple large load projects on systems and necessary 
upgrades than individual project studies, creating efficiencies and reducing overall costs 
while allowing EDCs to continue allocating costs based on project impacts. Earthjustice 
Joint Comments at 11-12. Mainspring Comments at 6. PECO Comments at 9. DCC 
Comments at 11-12.

===PAGE 75===
ATTACHME560630083
The Shapiro Administration, Mainspring, and Invenergy recommend additional 
guidance and guardrails for the design of Network Open Season cluster studies. The 
Shapiro Administration recommends including phases of study, applicant modification 
and study retooling opportunities, determination of network upgrade beneficiaries, EDC 
coordination with the transmission owners and transmission operators, etc. Mainspring 
recommends including cluster boundaries, withdrawal/restudy rules, assumptions, and 
sequencing. Invenergy requests that the Commission (a) adopt clear, publicly available 
Network Open Season standards that specify the study methodologies to be used, clearly 
defined study deposits (including amounts, timing, and refundability), the load and 
resource assumptions to be applied, and the criteria for determining needed upgrades; 
(b) establish firm timelines for each stage of the Network Open Season process, including 
defined windows for request submission, study initiation and completion (with maximum 
study durations), and milestones for customer decisions; (c) expressly authorize the use 
of qualified third-party study providers operating under the same Commission-approved 
principles and subject to Commission oversight; and (d) require objective, published 
standards for evaluating and prioritizing competing requests, including how costs will be 
allocated among participating customers and how associated contracted new generation 
OCA supports establishing a transparent and innovative process that accelerates 
the interconnection of Large Load Customers, such as the Network Open Season 
Planning Studies and the Large Load Customer interconnection queue, so long as all 
required interconnections and other studies are conducted in a comprehensive and 
technically rigorous manner and that service reliability to existing consumers served by 
the grid is assured. OCA Comments at 31-32.
FirstEnergy supports the proposal that the “costs for the studies will be allocated 
to the Large Load Customers requesting the interconnection studies in a pro rata share,” 
assuming that the pro rata share is based on the amount of the customer’s load. 
FirstEnergy Comments at 14-15.

===PAGE 76===
ATTACHME560630083
conflicts with an expedited load interconnection track unless the timelines and parameters 
of each are given careful consideration. The Shapiro Administration Comments at 7-8.
PECO seeks clarification over how the Commission’s proposal for biannual 
Network Open Seasons (which PECO supports), analyzed as cluster studies, would work 
in tandem with any rigid maximum study period (which PECO opposes). Since PECO 
would designate individual applications as complete at varying times throughout a 
Network Open Season’s application window, this would result in staggered time periods 
for analysis based on such varying acceptance dates, undermining the fundamental 
premise of cluster studies that individual interconnection applications submitted within 
the same application window be evaluated collectively. PECO also states that to initiate a 
cluster study, PECO must have all of the information that it needs in order to perfonn that 
study, including both the results of the preceding cluster study and all interconnection 
will be jointly modeled and coordinated in interconnection treatment to avoid 
inconsistent assumptions or double-counting. The Shapiro Administration Comments at
7-8. Mainspring Comments at 9. Invenergy Comments at 11.
The Shapiro Administration encourages the Commission to adopt an expediting 
mechanism that would similarly allow for an expedited load interconnection study track 
without creating conflicts with simultaneous load interconnection cluster studies. The 
Shapiro Administration submits that the implementation requirements for the 6-month 
timeline for semi-annual load interconnection cluster studies are unclear and could create 
Emerald Al recommends the Commission direct that when a Large Load 
Customer elects Flexible Load Service, the project receives prioritized study sequencing 
within a Network Open Season cluster. Mainspring also recommends that the Final Order 
explicitly consider whether verified flexibility or voluntary CIAC commitments can 
reduce system risk and justify prioritization for cluster studies, while avoiding undue 
discrimination. Emerald Al Comments at 6. Mainspring Comments at 9.

===PAGE 77===
ATTACHME560630083
The discussion regarding the public listing of Large Load Customer 
interconnection applications reveals significant disagreement among parties.
Earthjustice’s joint comments submits that the model tariff should include 
requirements for timely posting of interconnection applications and impose uniform 
EAP states that it is not clear how pro rata is defined (e.g., by MW capacity, 
connection costs, equal share as to number of applicants) and that determining each 
customer’s specific impact within a cluster study is complex. EAP Comments at 19-20.
applications designated as complete within the related Network Open Season. PECO 
Comments at 9-10.
DCC generally supports customer payment for incremental study costs that do not 
benefit the broader system, such as for the biannual Network Open Season process but 
states that the Final Order should require transparent study scopes and budgets before 
customers commit to pay. DCC Comments at 11-12.
NRDC, Earthjustice’s joint comments, Mainspring, Invenergy, KEEA, and DCC 
support the public queue transparency requirements. Invenergy states that a consolidated, 
regularly updated view of pending large-load projects will provide clearer insight into 
where and when major new demands may materialize, supporting more efficient 
infrastructure planning and investment decisions, as well as better alignment with PJM 
and local planning processes. KEEA submits that public-facing transparency is essential 
to informed stakeholder engagement, and this proposal would ensure that the public 
at-large has the ability to effectively engage with EDCs. NRDC Comments at 11. 
Earthjustice Joint Comments at 11-12. Mainspring Comments at 6-7. Invenergy 
Comments at 3-4. KEEA Comments at 4. DCC Comments at 12.

===PAGE 78===
ATTACHME560630083
Various parties have other proposals for the Commission to consider regarding 
interconnection studies/agreements.
PPL requests clarification on the benefits of such disclosure of applications so it 
may better attempt to comply with the spirit of the Proposed Requirements while also 
maintaining customer confidentiality. PPL Comments at 14.
The Shapiro Administration submits that the Commission should set minimum 
standards for interconnection studies and agreements that will ensure maintenance of 
system reliability and consumer protection. The Shapiro Administration states that the 
voluntary approaches of having utilities meet with stakeholders to discuss process and 
Multiple EDCs and EAP oppose the Tentative Order’s proposal for the public 
website disclosure of applications. Duquesne fails to see the value in positing this 
information publicly because (1) the status of an application impacts a relatively small 
number of customers and is not relevant to the general public; (2) it adds administrative 
burden, when the focus should instead be on identifying efficiencies; and (3) it is 
inappropriate due to the early nature of these projects. EAP and Duquesne argue that 
premature disclosure can trigger community opposition, generate public relations 
challenges, and complicate local permitting processes that can jeopardize the 
development. While PECO, Duquesne, PPL, and EAP shares concerns that this proposal 
may trigger confidentiality concerns that would benefit competitors of a Large Load 
Customer and harm economic development, DCC supports the timing and transparency 
provisions for the interconnection processing, including the public interconnection queue. 
PECO Comments at 10. Duquesne Comments at 14-15. PPL Comments at 14. EAP 
Comments at 20-22. DCC Comments at 12.
standards to facilitate comparison of data across EDC websites. Earthjustice Joint 
Comments at 11-12.

===PAGE 79===
ATTACHME560630083
implications of large load interconnections and having EDCs make a good faith effort to 
implement reasonable improvements offers too much flexibility with an EDC-by-EDC 
determination of important details, because this process is time consuming, balkanizing, 
and does not provide sufficient guidance on reliability. The Shapiro Administration avers 
that if EDCs are competing to attract large loads, this flexibility could result in a 
“race-to-the-bottom” that could sacrifice grid reliability and affordability for consumers. 
The Shapiro Administration Comments at 6.
The Shapiro Administration states the Commission should provide more guidance 
on interconnection study requirements, especially in light of NERC’s large load risk 
observations. The Shapiro Administration suggests that the Commission should begin an 
investigation of the EDCs system interconnection data collection, modeling, and analysis 
to determine if required enhancements should be made to better assess and understand the 
potential impacts of large load interconnections. The Shapiro Administration argues that 
while NERC’s recommendations may not be suitable for EDCs, it is clear that NERC has 
The Shapiro Administration submits that the Commission should encourage 
jurisdictional EDCs to comply with NERC’s level 2 alert recommendations, require 
similar data submission requirements to the Commission, regularly monitor EDCs 
compliance with NERC’s recommended actions and guidelines, and/or develop similar 
requirements for Pennsylvania’s EDCs that are not NERC registered entities. The Shapiro 
Administration also submits that for the benefit of reliability, and in the interim while 
NERC is developing its regulatory approach, the Commission should track NERC’s 
interim actions and establish reliability requirements that reflect NERC’s guidance. The 
Shapiro Administration avers that PJM cannot manage risk without better information 
and coordination with the state jurisdictional utility with large load interconnection 
responsibility, and that enhanced coordination between large retail loads and bulk power 
system operators is an important step to avoiding reliability risks. The Shapiro 
Administration Comments at 6-7.

===PAGE 80===
ATTACHME560630083
KEEA states that it is essential that the cost of the interconnection studies should 
not be borne by other ratepayers. KEEA Comments at 4.
identified critical gaps it is aiming to fill in the existing interconnection study regime. 
The Shapiro Administration Comments at 7.
Emerald Al recommends the Commission to direct that when a Large Load 
Customer elects Flexible Load Service and commits to a meter-verifiable operating 
envelope, the utility should reflect that committed operating envelope in distribution 
planning and interconnection studies to the extent consistent with applicable standards, so 
that flexibility can help defer or avoid upgrades and thereby support faster and/or larger 
interconnections through interconnection studies that explicitly model loads as flexible. 
Emerald Al Comments at 2 and 6.
CCJ calls for the assurance that mandatory system impact studies fully identify 
required upgrades before service commitments are made. CCJ Comments at 2.
OCA states that the Commission require that the model tariff include language 
making it explicitly clear that the EDC must postpone or otherwise condition the 
approval of the Large Load Customer’s interconnection to the distribution system unless 
and until the governing Regional Transmission Organization (RTO) detennines that the 
Large Load Customer’s interconnection to the transmission system can be commenced on 
the basis that sufficient resource adequacy, grid reliability, and distribution service 
continuity exist. OCA states that the Commission clearly has the existing statutory 
authority and duty to prescribe the conditions under which new Large Load Customers 
are permitted to interconnect to the distribution system as new retail load while ensuring 
the utility’s continued provision of electric utility service to existing customers that is 
adequate, reasonable, reasonably continuous, without unreasonable interruptions or delay 
and reliable. OCA Comments at 32-35.

===PAGE 81===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
DCC recommends that the Commission address symmetry in delivery obligations. 
For example, if customers must commit to long terms, minimum demand, and collateral, 
the model tariff should require EDCs to provide reasonable upgrade and energization 
milestones and periodic status updates, and it should provide practical adjustments if 
delays within the EDC’s control prevent timely service (for example, aligning the start of 
minimum demand obligations with the date capacity is actually available). DCC 
Comments at 12.
We proposed a 50% application fee refund to the applicant for each 90-day period 
beyond the six-month completion deadline as well as the option for the applicant to seek 
independent studies conducted by approved contractors at the applicant’s expense if the
SCA and KEEA recommend that the Commission require an emissions impact 
assessment as part of the interconnection study process, as well as transparency and 
public input related to the siting of any proposed Large Load Customer facility. SCA 
Comments at 2. KEEA Comments at 4.
We proposed a maximum timeframe of six months to complete interconnection 
studies unless there are exigent circumstances. CFPPA, Mainspring, Invenergy, 
Constellation, Vistra, Amazon, and DCC support the Tentative Order’s proposed 
six-month timeframe, because the proposal removes speculative loads and improves 
regulatory certainty for developers. OCA, many EDCs, and EAP disagree with the 
proposal, arguing that the complexity of these studies may require a longer timeframe to 
provide comprehensive and technically sound studies. We are not persuaded to modify 
our Tentative Order proposal regarding the six-month timeframe. We find our proposal to 
be reasonable, providing an appropriate amount of accountability for EDCs while 
removing speculative loads from the interconnection queue.

===PAGE 82===
ATTACHME560630083
EDC fails to complete the interconnection study after six months. CFPPA, OCA, OSBA, 
Mainspring, Invenergy, and DCC support the Tentative Order’s proposal because it 
reduces uncertainty for project developers. Multiple EDCs and EAP oppose the proposal, 
stating that refunds deny the utility its opportunity to recover prudently incurred costs, 
that independent studies raise serious security concerns, and that EDCs must review the 
independent study for accuracy. We agree with PECO and EAP that allowing 
interconnection studies conducted by third-party contractors after an EDC fails to meet 
the interconnection study deadline may raise serious security risks, compliance issues, 
and liability concerns. Therefore, we will remove the third-party contractor provisions 
from the model tariff. In addition, we acknowledge the OCA’s concerns regarding cost 
liability if the EDCs are unable to complete the studies within six months. Therefore, we 
expect that EDCs may be solely responsible for the costs associated with the refunds, 
which should not be allocated to other customers.
We proposed a public listing of Large Load Customer interconnection applications 
by zip code listing the date accepted, the MW interconnection amount sought, and the 
stage of interconnection study process on the EDCs’ websites. NRDC, Earthjustice’s 
joint comments, Mainspring, Invenergy, KEEA, and DCC support the public listing of 
Large Load Customer interconnection applications, stating that the proposal is essential 
for infonned stakeholder engagement and efficient infrastructure planning and 
investment decisions. However, multiple EDCs and EAP oppose the proposal because of 
potential confidentiality concerns for Large Load Customers as well as potential 
We proposed a biannual Network Open Season for cluster studies at the Large 
Load Customer’s expense. The majority of stakeholders accept the proposal for a 
biannual Network Open Season for cluster studies due to its efficiencies and reductions in 
overall costs, with many proposing additional requirements or seeking clarity and 
guidance. As we received few comments in opposition, we adopt the Network Open 
Season process as proposed in the Tentative Order.

===PAGE 83===
ATTACHME560630083
Minimum Demand Charges
In the Tentative Order, we tentatively adopted approximately 80% of contracted 
demand as an opening position for the minimum demand charge. There is no consensus 
regarding the minimum demand charge. Some parties support the Tentative Order’s 
proposal regarding the 80% minimum billing demand, while others support a higher 
minimum demand charge or specific revisions to the requirement itself.
Protect PT, EDF, NRDC, and KEEA support the Tentative Order’s 80% minimum 
demand charge. Protect PT states this proposal is in alignment with Indiana, Ohio, West 
Virginia, and Michigan. KEEA argues that it is critical that applicants are incentivized to 
provide accurate load projections and to establish a baseline for the electric distribution 
companies to ascertain the efficacy and appropriateness of this percentage. NRDC urges 
that the minimum demand charge should not be lowered while noting there is strong 
precedent for a higher minimum charge of 85%. Protect PT Comments at 4. EDF 
Comments at 10. NRDC Comments at 8. KEEA Comments at 4.
Protect PT, PennFuture, Earthjustice’s joint comments, CAUSE-PA, TURN, and 
OCA, call for a minimum demand charge of 90%. PennFuture argues that this 
recommendation ensures the recovery of capacity investments, prevents cost shifting, and 
community opposition due to environmental, health, safety, climate, quality of life, 
energy, economic, and ethical impact concerns. We agree with the concerns raised by the 
EDCs and EAP regarding confidentiality of customer information. Accordingly, while we 
find our proposal for the public listing to be reasonable, we are adding a requirement that 
the list be posted on the website in a manner that protects the identity of the Large Load 
Customer, to provide an appropriate amount of transparency for engagement between 
infrastructure planners, Large Load Customers, the community, and other relevant 
stakeholders.

===PAGE 84===
ATTACHME560630083
Invenergy and Duquesne recommend that language be inserted to expressly allow 
EDCs discretion to establish a different minimum demand charge when appropriate to 
meet the unique characteristics of an individual customer contract. Invenergy specifically 
reduces volatility. CAUSE-PA, TURN, and OCA also argue that higher minimum 
monthly demand charges better protect residential ratepayers from stranded costs. Protect 
PT Comments at 4. PennFuture Comments at 3. Earthjustice Joint Comments at 17-18. 
CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 44. OCA Comments at 38.
PennFuture suggests that the minimum billing demand should be the highest of 
(a) the customer’s on-peak contract capacity (b) the customer’s highest previously 
established monthly billing demand during the past 11 months or (c) the customer’s 
maximum demand created during the billing month. PennFuture Comments at 3.
FirstEnergy recommends a minimum demand charge of 85%, arguing that it 
strikes the best balance between protecting customers against the risks of transitory load 
and providing reasonable flexibility for data center customers. FirstEnergy argues that 
both Ohio and Virginia Electric Power Company’s (“VEPCO”) service territory has 
adopted an 85% minimum demand provision. FirstEnergy Comments at 16-17.
IECPA submits that if the final model tariff applies to existing industrial large 
load, it recommends that the Commission remove the ratchet provision, which is the 
“80% of the customer’s highest Monthly Billing Demand during the last 11 months” 
portion of the Monthly Billing Demand calculation. IECPA argues that including the 
ratchet will provide an additional strain on existing industrial customers, which may 
require them to execute new contracts and conform to other provisions of the model 
tariff. However, if the model tariff is applied only to substantial (e.g., 50+ MW) new and 
incremental load, IECPA does not object to the ratchet provision. IECPA Comments 
at 10.

===PAGE 85===
ATTACHME560630083
PPL supports an 80% minimum load guarantee, arguing that Network Integrated 
Transmission Service (NITS) charge at the minimum contract demand will have the same 
intended effect as a minimum demand charge - to ensure that they are paying for their 
share of the costs incurred to serve them and that those costs are not being unfairly 
socialized to the Company’s other customers. PPL states that similar to LP-5 customers, 
some Large Load Customers would only be using the transmission system, having costs 
that are allocated using the NITS charges. PPL Comments at 15.
DCC recommends that the model tariff frame minimum billing demand as a range 
rather than a fixed number. DCC argues that the right minimum billing demand depends 
on various factors, and that a single percentage risks setting the bar higher than the actual 
risk and can discourage projects that would otherwise bring net benefits. DCC suggests 
that within the minimum billing demand range, each utility should explain why its 
proposed level is reasonable, using quantitative analysis where possible, and should show 
how the minimum works together with contract tenn, ramping, exit fees, and collateral. 
In addition, DCC advocates that the Commission should make clear that utilities do not 
recommends articulating guiding principles, such as the standard that minimum billing 
demand should reflect a customer’s expected contribution to system costs, considering 
onsite generation and contracted new generation, while allowing each EDC to propose 
detailed tariff language consistent with those principles. Duquesne argues that the 
highlighted tariffs from other states may not be suitable for an “apples to apples” 
comparison, since some EDCs bill all customers for transmission charges rather than 
have transmission charges follow a customer’s load. Duquesne also argues that cost 
allocation methodology is approved by FERC, not the Pennsylvania PUC, stating that 
Duquesne is open to revisiting the methodology associated with transmission costs, if 
directed to do so by the Commission, but questions if the potential benefits justify the 
costs and complications that will be caused. Invenergy Comments at 10. Duquesne 
Comments at 16-17.

===PAGE 86===
ATTACHME560630083
Amazon supports a minimum demand charge that is supported by appropriate data 
to ensure Pennsylvania utilities can meet existing and growing demand without impacting 
other rate classes. Amazon Comments at 3.
The Shapiro Administration encourages the Commission to further specify that 
demand charges reflect system peak periods (e.g., seasonal, on/off peak periods, 
time-of-use) to incentivize load shifting, and that these peak periods be reevaluated 
regularly to align with evolving system conditions. The Shapiro Administration agrees 
with the application of demand charges to large loads, as these charges are meant to 
recover costs associated with meeting peak usage and to incent shifting demand to lower 
cost periods. The Shapiro Administration Comments at 8.
I-CPIE advocates for mechanisms that elicit flexibility from demand, offering two 
possible alternatives to minimum demand charges and arguing that the adoption of fixed 
price contracts will possibly, or even likely, insulate Large Load Customers from the 
real-time Locational Marginal Prices, costs of ramping up and down, or other forms of 
prices. These alternatives are to: (1) expose Large Load Customers to dynamic pricing 
that gives them signals to internalize the overall state of the electric network at any time 
and (2) design proxies to the incentives provided by dynamic prices that encourage 
flexibility and are reflective of the marginal costs of serving an additional unit 
(e.g., kWh) of energy, a ramping event over a set period, or avoid having to curtail other 
demands. I-CPIE Comments at 3.
need to push every element of the framework to the most conservative end of the 
spectrum at the same time. DCC submits that when minimum billing demand, contract 
length, and collateral are all set conservatively, the combined effect can go well beyond 
what is needed to protect existing customers. DCC Comments at 5-6.

===PAGE 87===
ATTACHME560630083
Invenergy Comments at 9-10.
KEEA suggests allowing advocates and EDCs to petition the Commission to 
adjust that percentage upward or downward after a two-year introductory period if 
deemed necessary. KEEA Comments at 4.
Invenergy recommends that the model tariff should adopt a clear netting and 
standby methodology that explicitly accounts for onsite generation in the minimum 
demand charge unlock Bring Your Own Generation (BYOG) benefits while preserving 
the integrity of the minimum-billing construct. Invenergy Comments at 5.
Invenergy recommends the Commission direct EDCs to file standardized, 
objective methodologies in their compliance filings describing how they are treating 
onsite generation and contracted new generation for purposes of minimum demand 
charge and related capacity charges, including at a minimum:
1. how they are measuring net load;
2. the conditions under which they are allowing netting against onsite generation or 
contracted new generation;
3. how they are structuring standby charges when onsite generation is expected to 
serve a portion of the Large Load Customer’s load but maintains higher 
interconnection capacity for redundancy; and
4. how, consistent with Commission-approved cost-causation principles, they will 
reflect contracted new generation that demonstrably reduces a Large Load
Customer’s contribution to system peaks or defers specific upgrades in minimum 
demand charges, standby charges, and capacity-related charges, including through 
clearly defined credits attributable to, and limited to, its contribution to resource 
adequacy and to the deferral or downsizing of specific upgrades.

===PAGE 88===
ATTACHME560630083
DCC recommends that the model tariff acknowledge that minimum billing 
demand may change over the life of a project. DCC states that a structure that ties 
minimum billing demand to practical considerations such as project stage (ramp years 
and full build-out) and components of service (distribution, transmission, and 
generation), and evaluates it alongside the rest of the toolkit, is more likely to protect 
existing customers while still keeping Pennsylvania attractive for new large load 
investment. DCC Comments at 6.
DCC suggests that if the Commission keeps an “11-month lookback” ratchet, the 
Final Order should clarify how it works during the Load Ramp Period and after 
customer-driven curtailments, so the ratchet does not turn a short-term operational spike 
into a permanent obligation that does not match the contract-capacity commitment. DCC 
Comments at 6.
PPL requests clarification on whether the Commission is referring to distribution 
demand charges. If so, PPL would find it difficult to implement this provision, since PPL 
primarily serves Large Load Customers at transmission level voltages (i.e., 69 kV and 
above), and the LP-5 rate schedule does not have a distribution demand charge. PPL is 
concerned that to comply with the minimum demand charge proposal, it would need to 
alter its FERC regulated transmission formula rate, which is outside the Commission’s 
jurisdiction. PPL Comments at 15.
EAP advocates for clarification that the suggested threshold applies only to the 
distribution part of the large load system, as that is the only portion under Commission’s 
jurisdiction. EAP states that minimum demand charges on the transmission side are 
handled separately and not implicated by an EDC distribution-level tariff. EAP 
Comments at 22.

===PAGE 89===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
Load Ramp Schedule
Protect PT, NRDC, Earthjustice’s joint comments, Mainspring, Constellation, 
Duquesne, FirstEnergy, and Amazon support the Tentative Order’s proposal of a load 
ramp period of 3-5 years. Amazon argues that this proposal offers secondary benefits to 
more accurately forecast and plan for long-term energy needs. Mainspring states that it 
also provides standardized contract provisions that protect ratepayers against stranded 
costs. NRDC also suggests that implementation should require advanced reporting of the 
customer’s load ramp schedule. Protect PT Comments at 4. NRDC Comments at 8. 
Earthjustice Joint Comments at 16-17. Mainspring Comments at 8. Constellation
We proposed an 80% minimum billing demand charge, and that any demand 
charge should be tied to the actual need for the utility to recover fixed costs associated 
with serving that particular customer's load. Protect PT, EDF, NRDC, and KEEA support 
the Tentative Order’s proposal of an 80% minimum demand charge. Protect PT, 
PennFuture, Earthjustice’s joint comments, CAUSE-PA, TURN, and OCA, call for a 
minimum demand charge of 90%, arguing that it ensures the recovery of capacity 
investments, prevents cost shifting, and reduce volatility. We are not persuaded by 
stakeholders to modify our minimum demand charges proposal. We find an 80% 
minimum demand charge reasonably incentivizes accurate load projection and reasonably 
aligns with other state tariffs within the PJM region.
In the Tentative Order, we found minimum contract lengths have been established 
as a key piece of many large load tariff structures and were mentioned by almost all 
testifying witnesses during the hearing. We encouraged the EDCs to include a multi-year 
ramp of 3-5 years as the default, with specific milestones worked out case-by-case.

===PAGE 90===
ATTACHME560630083
Comments at 4. Duquesne Comments at 17. FirstEnergy Comments at 17. Amazon 
Comments at 3.
CAUSE-PA, TURN, and OCA propose a four-year load ramping schedule. This 
proposal details a ramping schedule of 50% in Year 1, 65% in Year 2, 80% in Year 3, 
and 90% in Year 4 of the Contract Capacity. CAUSE-PA and TURN argue that adopting 
this specific load ramping schedule would ensure statewide consistency, improve 
transparency, facilitate resource adequacy planning, and enhance consumer protection. 
OCA is concerned that if the Commission does not specify both the duration of the 
ramping schedule and the minimum annual demand as part of that schedule, the 
Commission will have to review and potentially contest each ramping scheduled agreed 
to by the EDC and Large Load Customer. OCA states that all such agreements must be 
filed with the Commission, with appropriate confidentiality provisions, and subject to 
review by the Statutory Advocates under Section 508 of the Public Utility Code for 
potential revisions. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 45. OCA Comments at 38-39.
PECO and EAP propose providing EDCs with flexibility to contractually identify 
load ramps on a case-by-case basis. PECO argues that for some projects, studies may 
necessitate a longer period due to procurement and/or buildout of the customer’s 
requested capacity. EAP recommends the Commission establish a principle that load 
ramp schedules should be reasonable, reflect realistic project development timelines, and
Protect PT, Earthjustice’s joint comments, and Constellation specifically advocate 
for a five-year cap for a Large Load Customer’s load ramp period. Duquesne recognizes 
that adjustments may be required as additional development occurs, and more is 
understood about this evolving industry, suggesting consistency with load ramps used by 
PJM in its forecasting, which may be up to 10 years. Protect PT Comments at 4. 
Earthjustice Joint Comments at 16-17. Constellation Comments at 4. Duquesne 
Comments at 17.

===PAGE 91===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
I-CPIE suggests having ramp schedules reflective of the marginal costs (and 
marginal benefits) of bringing up an additional MWh of demand per period. I-CPIE 
argues that a standard guideline for the schedule improves predictability and can help to 
lower the cost of entry for qualified Large Load Customers and improve long-term 
resource planning. I-CPIE Comments at 4.
We proposed a multi-year load ramp period of 3-5 years as the default, and that 
EDCs have discretion to work out the specific milestones on a case-by-case basis. Protect 
PT, NRDC, Earthjustice’s joint comments, Mainspring, Constellation, Duquesne, 
FirstEnergy, and Amazon support the Tentative Order’s proposal of a load ramp period of 
3-5 years because the proposal enhances customer protection, energy planning, and load
include appropriate protections ensuring infrastructure cost recovery. PECO Comments at
15-16. EAP Comments at 23.
DCC recommends that the model tariff should articulate expectations at a general 
level—for example, that a ramp period on the order of three to five years is often 
appropriate for very large new loads—while leaving the specific ramp shape and 
milestones to be negotiated in individual service agreements. DCC argues that those ramp 
provisions should be coordinated with other elements of the framework, including when 
minimum billing demand obligations begin to apply, how collateral steps down as the 
project enters service, and how utility construction milestones are sequenced. DCC also 
suggests that if the Commission retains long notice periods (for example, 3 years), the 
final model tariff should also require EDCs to provide early, complete drafts of key 
agreements and to state interconnection milestones and delivery dates with enough 
specificity that customers can plan site development and financing. DCC Comments 
at 4-5.

===PAGE 92===
ATTACHME560630083
Exit or Early Contract Termination Fees
Protect PT, EDF, NRDC, and KEEA support the Tentative Order’s proposal for a 
42-month notice. EDF argues that a 42-month notice period is the latest a customer could 
give notice of its retirement without adversely affecting PJM’s applicable BRA. Protect 
Capacity filed by CAUSE-PA, TURN, and OCA. CAUSE-PA, TURN, and OCA argue 
that their proposal ensures statewide consistency and further enhances customer 
protection, energy planning, and transparency. Another alternative proposal suggests 
providing EDCs with the flexibility to identify load ramps case-by-case filed by PECO 
and EAP. PECO and EAP aver that their proposal allows EDCs to establish reasonable 
and realistic timelines for the procurement and buildout of the customer’s requested 
capacity. We maintain our Tentative Order proposal for a 3-5-year load ramp period. We 
agree with Amazon and Mainspring that a 3-5-year load ramp period will reasonably 
improve load forecasting and energy planning as well as ensure that investments do not 
result in stranded costs.
In the Tentative Order, we found examples which demonstrate that 42-month 
notice periods are being implemented as a standard practice in Large Load Customer 
contracts across multiple jurisdictions, primarily as a mechanism to provide utilities with 
adequate planning time for capacity adjustments while limiting the financial impact of 
customer load reductions. As such, we tentatively adopted a similar 42-month notice 
period. We invited comments on whether a 48-month notice period would be appropriate 
to align with the PJM load forecast for the delivery year in which the Large Load 
Customer contract would tenninate. We recognized that an exit fee should account for 
what has already been paid by a Large Load Customer and the costs that have yet to be 
recovered by the utility.
forecasting. One alternative proposal includes a specific four-year load ramping schedule
of 50% in Year 1, 65% in Year 2, 80% in Year 3, and 90% in Year 4 of the Contract

===PAGE 93===
ATTACHME560630083
PT Comments at 4. EDF Comments at 11. NRDC Comments at 8-9. KEEA Comments
at 5.
OCA and Walmart propose a 60-month notice period. OCA backs its position 
using the Commission’s comments that it would help ensure the notification period is 
sufficiently long to align with the PJM load forecast for the delivery years in which the 
Large Load Customer contract would tenninate. Walmart argues that this would provide 
greater and more reasonable risk mitigation as well as better aligning customer flexibility 
with a utility's investment cycle and depreciation schedules. Walmart submits that this 
revision would strike a more appropriate balance between accommodating future load 
uncertainty and maintaining the fundamental cost-causation principle that customers who 
drive system investments should remain responsible for the costs of those investments 
over a reasonable period. OCA Comments at 39-40. Walmart Comments at 13-14.
PPL, EAP, DCC, and Amazon oppose the 42-month notice period, believing that it 
should be shortened. PPL and DCC argue that this is to provide a more workable window 
and accommodate a variety of circumstances impacting a Large Load Customer’s 
decision to tenninate. EAP argues that the Tentative Order’s proposal may be an 
overconection as the EDC’s associated costs have likely already been recovered. PPL 
The Shapiro Administration, Protect PT, NRDC, CAUSE-PA, TURN, and 
FirstEnergy support the 48-month notice period, which the Tentative Order requested 
comments on. They argue that implementing a 48-month notice period would better align 
with PJM load forecast for the delivery year in which the Large Load Customer contract 
would tenninate as well as better safeguard consumers from increasing capacity prices in 
the PJM region. The Shapiro Administration Comments at 8-9. Protect PT Comments at 
4. NRDC Comments at 8-9. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 45. FirstEnergy 
Comments at 26.

===PAGE 94===
ATTACHME560630083
Comments at 17. EAP Comments at 23-24. DCC Comments at 8. Amazon Comments
at 4.
capacity. DCC Comments at 8. Amazon Comments at 4.
PPL submits that rather than setting a firm notice period, the Commission and the 
EDCs should focus on cost recoupment. PPL Comments at 17.
Constellation supports the Commission’s proposal to require EDCs to mitigate the 
exit fee amount owed by a Large Load Customer that reduces its contracted capacity 
requirement by more than 20%. While Constellation understands EDCs’ concerns 
regarding the risks associated with Large Load Customers drastically reducing their 
contracted capacity requirements, EDCs should be required to make reasonable efforts to 
minimize the financial impact of load reductions. Constellation Comments at 5-6.
Earthjustice’s joint comments support the Tentative Order’s proposal that 
reductions of contracted capacity should be prohibited during the first five years of the 
contract; however, they suggest that this prohibition should not depend on the total 
contract length. Specifically, they recommend the Commission remove the “or the initial 
DDC suggests a notice period of 24-36 months. Amazon suggests a notice period 
of 18-24 months. Amazon avers this timeline would allow EDCs to properly reallocate 
existing capacity which promotes more responsible grid use while minimizing the risk of 
stranded assets built to meet new load that could otherwise be served with reallocated 
Duquesne and EAP submit that the notice period would be better left to 
case-by-case implementation. EAP argues that current practices vary across EDCs, and 
the Commission’s proposed uniform approach would unduly constrict EDCs as they 
account for other factors. Duquesne Comments at 17-18. EAP Comments at 23-24.

===PAGE 95===
ATTACHME560630083
FirstEnergy supports the model tariff s 20% safe harbor threshold for capacity 
reductions, with the caveat that the appropriate minimum contract tenn should be ten 
years rather than five years. FirstEnergy Comments at 26.
CAUSE-PA and TURN suggest that the Commission should lower the allowed 
reduction to 10% and update the Final Order, accordingly, including the exit fee 
calculation. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 45-46.
Walmart recommends a reduction allowance of up to 20% of contract capacity 
after at least 15 years. Walmart argues that allowing significant contract capacity 
reductions after only five years creates a risk that utility investments (transmission, 
distribution, and related system upgrades) made to serve that contracted load will not be 
fully recovered through the customers that caused those costs to be incurred. Walmart 
submits that this revision would provide greater and more reasonable risk mitigation and 
strike a more appropriate balance between accommodating future load uncertainty and 
maintaining the fundamental cost-causation principle that customers who drive system 
investments should remain responsible for the costs of those investments over a 
reasonable period. Walmart Comments at 13-14.
DCC recommends that the model tariff specify that customers should have a right 
to reduce a defined share of their contract capacity with advance notice and no penalty. 
DCC argues that any charges associated with capacity reductions should be time-limited, 
not open-ended, which gives both utilities and customers a way to manage change 
without undennining the core protections the framework is meant to provide. DCC 
Comments at 8.
contract tenn, whichever is greater” portion of the Exit Fee section’s first paragraph 
(pg. 53) of the Tentative Order. Earthjustice Joint Comments at 13-14.

===PAGE 96===
ATTACHME560630083
NRDC suggests that the exit fee should be sufficient to cover any stranded costs of 
a Large Load Customer’s reduced or terminated capacity. NRDC Comments at 8-9.
Earthjustice’s joint comments and EAP recommend additional factors to consider 
within the exit fee formulas. EAP suggests that exit fee formulas should account for 
system-specific factors. Earthjustice’s joint comments suggest that the first proposed 
calculation methodology should include the cost of cleanup, site remediation, and/or land 
and investment repurposing, along with all study, planning, and administrative costs 
incurred by the utility, as part of the “cost of Network Improvements and Interconnection 
Facilities.” Earthjustice’s joint comments argue that this recommendation ensures that the 
Exit Fee provides compensation for the costs incurred to serve a Large Load Customer. 
Earthjustice Joint Comments at 13-14. EAP Comments at 23-24.
The Shapiro Administration submits that if the large load chooses to exit or 
terminate before the completion of the initial term, the exit fee should be calculated on a 
case-by-case basis and should allow the utility to fully recover its planned fixed costs of 
serving the contracted capacity. The Shapiro Administration Comments at 8-9.
EDF suggests an exit fee amount that would offset the capacity cost impacts of a 
Large Load Customer’s noncompliance, protecting customers from costs. EDF states that 
the amount of such damages can be reasonably approximated by assessing the 
noncompliant customer’s load’s impact on the BRA clearing price. EDF Comments at 11.
KEEA, Constellation (some portions of the calculation), and FirstEnergy support 
the Tentative Order’s proposal on how to calculate the exit fee. However, some 
stakeholders suggest alternative proposals and considerations to include in the Final 
Order. KEEA Comments at 5. Constellation Comments at 5. FirstEnergy Comments 
at 18.

===PAGE 97===
ATTACHME560630083
PPL submits that the Commission and the EDCs should charge the difference 
between the cost of socialized upgrades and the amount paid by the Large Load Customer 
through the transmission portion of its utility bills. PPL states that if the exit fee equals 
the unrecovered socialized costs, then a notice period is unnecessary and potentially 
burdensome. PPL Comments at 17.
Protect PT avers that the exit fee for early contract termination should cover the 
remaining minimum bill charge for the terminated portion of the contract’s duration. 
Protect PT Comments at 4.
Constellation supports an exit fee calculated as “the difference between the costs 
placed into rates less the revenues received from the Large Load Customers” and urges 
the Commission to remove its proposed alternative method for calculating exit fees “as 
the nominal value of the remaining Minimum Charge for the reduced capacity in excess 
of the 20% allowed reduction for each year of the exit fee period.” Constellation argues 
that the proposed alternative exit fee results in unjust and excessive customer payments. 
Constellation Comments at 5.
Regarding the “capacity reassignment’’ principle, the Shapiro Administration, 
NRDC, Constellation, DCC, and Google agree that the utility could attempt to mitigate 
the exit/early termination fee by assigning the stranded capacity to another large load and 
DCC states that the model tariff should focus on clear principles rather than a 
single detailed formula. DCC also states that exit charges should be tied to unrecovered, 
prudently incurred costs or foregone revenues that are reasonably attributable to the large 
load, after taking into account the utility’s ability to remarket capacity to other customers. 
DCC further states that the goal should be to address genuine stranded-cost risk, not 
turning exit fees into a second source of earnings or a deterrent to any change over the 
contract term. DCC Comments at 7-8.

===PAGE 98===
ATTACHME560630083
NRDC and DCC submit that these reductions should occur in standardized 
PPL also seeks clarification on how the EDC’s responsibility “to assign the 
terminated/reduced capacity to serve new Large Load Customers” should be calculated, 
should prohibit large loads from assigning obligations without the utility’s consent. By 
requiring EDCs to evaluate opportunities to allocate freed transmission capacity to other 
customers, Constellation submits the proposed model tariff promotes efficient use of 
available capacity and avoids unnecessarily penalizing Large Load Customers who make 
business decisions to reduce contracted capacity after the initial term of the contract. 
Google states that this requirement prevents a windfall and aligns with emerging 
regulatory standards, such as Google’s recent July 2025 settlement with Indiana 
Michigan Power. The Shapiro Administration Comments at 8-9. NRDC Comments at 9. 
Constellation Comments at 5-6. DCC Comments at 8. Google Comments at 1-2.
processes with clear rules, sufficient oversight, and stakeholder input (not behind closed 
doors). NRDC avers that the Commission’s current proposal is vague, leaving room for 
the benefit of any cost-cutting measures from utilities to be given to a departing Large 
Load Customer. NRDC Comments at 9. DCC Comments at 8.
PPL recommends that the “capacity reassignment” principle should be explicitly 
defined to provide procedural guidance for circumstances in which termination occurs 
before and after the cost of socialized upgrades have been recovered through rates from 
the Large Load Customer justifying the Company’s capital investment. PPL maintains 
that upgrades to the grid associated with load growth can be a legitimate and prudent 
basis for investment by the Company, where they will benefit all customers. PPL argues 
that even where benefits initially/primarily accrue to one customer, if the investment is 
recovered fully by revenues received from that customer, it provides yet another basis 
supporting the prudency of the EDC’s investment in that infrastructure. PPL Comments 
at 18.

===PAGE 99===
ATTACHME560630083
and whether there are time limits to mitigate the terminated or reduced capacity. PPL 
further requests clarification that the Commission is referring only to the transmission 
capacity necessary to reliably deliver power to a Large Load Customer and is not 
imposing mandates on the EDCs to mitigate or otherwise manage the power supply 
obligations associated with a Large Load Customer. PPL Comments at 18.
Various parties recommend additional provisions to prevent shifting stranded costs 
to other customers. The Shapiro Administration recommends that contract terms and 
exit/early tennination fees should allow for full recovery of interconnection costs and 
should prevent stranded costs to serve large loads from being shifted to other ratepayers. 
EDF suggests including the amount of the exit fee in the Large Load Customer’s required 
financial security. OSBA’s position is that if early exit or tennination is triggered and 
early exit or tennination fees leave residual stranded cost for the EDC, the EDC should 
be solely responsible for the recovery of those stranded costs from its shareholders or the 
exiting Large Load Customer. The Shapiro Administration Comments at 8-9. EDF 
Comments at 11. OSBA Comments at 6-7.
CAUSE-PA and TURN recommend the Commission to strike the phrase “or 
otherwise secure offsetting expected revenues” and expressly forbid utilities from 
mitigating exit fees by shifting costs to residential ratepayers. They argue that this phrase 
opens the door for cost shifting onto other ratepayer classes, which would defeat the 
whole purpose of the exit fee provision. They state that utilities should only be able to 
mitigate exit fees by assigning terminated/reduced capacity to new or existing Large 
Load Customers. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 46.
DCC suggests that the Commission should update the assignment restriction to 
allow transfers to lenders, investors, affiliates, tenants or successors in interest upon 
notice, provided that the EDC consent is not unreasonably withheld. DCC Comments 
at 8.

===PAGE 100===
ATTACHME560630083
State Senator Katie J. Muth advocates for assurances that minimum revenue 
NRDC also suggests that there must be an additional penalty for providing less 
notice than required in order to, at a minimum, cover costs incurred because of the late 
notice. NRDC Comments at 8-9.
obligations and enforceable exit-fee provisions are incorporated into large-load tariffs and 
contracts. Muth Comments at 2.
Earthjustice’s joint comments agrees with the Tentative Order’s definition of the 
Exit Fee Period. However, they recommend that the Commission revise its definition, 
removing the provision that the Exit Fee Period should not exceed five years. Earthjustice 
Joint Comments at 13-14.
PPL requests clarification on whether the Commission intends on having a 
42-month Exit Fee Period indefinitely for Large Load Customers. PPL states that the 
current proposal appears to require a rolling automatic 3.5-year extension after the initial 
5-year term, and an Exit Fee Period that would go on indefinitely. PPL argues that having 
a Large Load Customer pay an Exit Fee after taking service for many years, and having 
covered the cost of socialized network upgrades, does not seem consistent with the goal 
of designing an Exit Fee to mitigate stranded cost risk. PPL Comments at 17-18.
PECO is unclear on what is meant by the model tariff s reference to mitigation via 
a reasonable effort to “otherwise secure offsetting expected revenues.” PECO argues that 
loss of load connected at one point on the grid (and the associated revenues) are not 
necessarily offset by independent load growth (and revenues) at some other location. 
PECO requests that the Commission explain its expectations and the potential source(s) 
of the revenues referenced here. PECO Comments at 17.

===PAGE 101===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
I-CPIE suggests that exit fees should be aligned with the depreciation schedule of 
the assets invested in connecting the Large Load Customers. I-CPIE Comments at 3-4.
DCC suggests that the tariff should encourage utilities to use transparent methods, 
show their assumptions, and provide simple examples that customers can understand at 
the time they are making siting and investment decisions. DCC Comments at 7-8.
Duquesne suggests that the model tariff should be revised to recommend all EDCs 
include discussion of exit and early termination fees with the goal of minimizing cost 
impacts to other customers when demand is reduced, rather than a one-size-fits-all 
provision. Duquesne Comments at 17-18.
We proposed a 42-month notice period for an exit or early contract termination. 
Protect PT, EDF, NRDC, and KEEA support the Tentative Order’s proposal for a 
42-month notice because it is the latest a customer could give notice of its retirement 
without adversely affecting PJM’s applicable BRA. The Shapiro Administration, Protect 
PT, NRDC, CAUSE-PA, TURN, and FirstEnergy support a 48-month notice period to 
appropriately align with the PJM load forecast for the delivery year in which the Large
EAP states that it is not clear from the model tariff or associated guidance how the 
utility is supposed to collect these fees or how they are to be used and/or applied. EAP 
Comments at 23-24.
OSBA’s position is that the Commission and EDC, to any extent possible and 
pursuant to its authority, trigger a formal review in the event of early exit or termination, 
to ensure the Large Load Customer complies with and fulfills all vendor contract terms, 
to protect the economic interests of Pennsylvania small businesses. OSBA Comments 
at 7.

===PAGE 102===
ATTACHME560630083
We proposed guidance on the exit fee calculation in the Tentative Order. As we 
reviewed the volume and complexity surrounding the exit fee calculation comments, we 
submit that the suggestions regarding specific exit fee calculation components are outside 
the scope of the model tariff and should be vetted in an actual EDC tariff filing or rate 
proceeding. Therefore, we will maintain our level of guidance regarding the exit fee 
calculation as stated in the model tariff in the Appendix. In addition, we acknowledge 
comments filed by the Shapiro Administration, OSBA, CAUSE-PA, and TURN 
regarding stranded costs and cost shifting. We note that if the exit of a Large Load 
Customer results in costs not prudently covered by collateral, CIAC, the exit fee, or other 
Load Customer contract would terminate. Other stakeholder proposals included such 
variations as a 60-month notice period, shortening it, or leaving it as a case-by-case basis. 
We agree with the Shapiro Administration, Protect PT, NRDC, CAUSE-PA, TURN, and 
FirstEnergy and find it is prudent to align the notice period with the PJM delivery year 
and as such, will adopt the 4 8-month notice period.
We proposed that if a Large Load Customer reduces its contract for capacity by no 
more than 20% after the initial term of the contract and the Large Load Customer 
provides notice of this reduction at least 42-months in advance of the PJM Delivery Year 
for when the reduction is sought, no exit fee is required. Constellation supports the 
proposal, arguing that EDCs should be required to make reasonable efforts to minimize 
the financial impact of load reductions. Other stakeholders provided alternative 
proposals, such as allowing the reduction after a certain number of years rather than the 
initial term of the contract, reducing the percentage of capacity reduction to 10%, or 
allowing customers to determine the percentage with advance notice. Given the lack of 
supporting analysis to justify modifications, we maintain our Tentative Order proposal 
regarding the exit fee mitigation for a Large Load Customer reducing their Contract 
Capacity by 20% but revise the notice period to 48 months as stated previously. We 
concur with Constellation that EDCs should make reasonable efforts to minimize losses.

===PAGE 103===
ATTACHME560630083
Interruptible Service and Standby Rates for Large Load Customers
KEEA Comments at 5.
contractual agreements, the EDC may be responsible for the recovery of these costs from 
its shareholders and be prohibited from allocating these costs or mitigating exit fees to 
other customers.
In the Tentative Order, we found it beneficial to develop guidance such that large 
load grid service may be interrupted under certain prescribed conditions. Additionally, 
we proposed that lower rates or minimum demand charges for Large Load Customers 
willing to take interruptible service could be enacted in the model tariff.
Environmental stakeholders, OCA, Emerald Al, IECPA, and KEEA generally 
support encouraging interruptible load programs to be developed by EDCs. Protect PT 
submits that interruptible service for large loads like data centers has the potential to 
decrease strain on the grid, reduce the amount of system upgrades needed, and reduce 
costs for residential ratepayers. IECPA avers such programs could, if well-designed, 
bolster onsite generation investment. KEEA argues that interruptible strategies can and 
should become the norm for Large Load Customers. Protect PT Comments at 4. 
PennFuture Comments at 4. EDF Comments at 12-13. Earthjustice Joint Comments at 
19-22. OCA Comments at 41-42. Emerald Al Comments at 1-2. IECPA Comments at 9.
EDF recommends that the Commission direct utilities to develop at least one 
interruptible service option for Large Load Customers and propose such option no later 
than their next base rate filing. EDF argues that while large load flexibility can 
significantly streamline their interconnections and reduce the system costs, the 
Commission’s proposal would not apply to utilities that do not have interruptible tariff 
provisions or obligate those utilities to develop them. EDF also suggests that the 
Commission should consider implementing an ongoing process to support this 

===PAGE 104===
ATTACHME560630083
is essential
to incentivizing large loads like data centers to make the investments required to provide 
verifiable flexibility. Emerald Al Comments at 1.
Earthjustice’s joint comments avers that the provisions in the Tentative Order 
related to interruptible power are inadequate and recommend that (1) the Final Order 
should require Large Load Customers like data centers to accept interruptible power as a 
default, and (2) customers receiving interruptible service should have Automatic Load 
Control devices at their point of interconnection. They argue that managing demand can 
help avoid the costly investment systemwide to the benefit of all customers, and that the 
goal should be to have as many Large Load Customers participating in such measures as 
possible. Earthjustice Joint Comments at 19-22.
requirement, such as a series of technical conferences, to explore the technical and 
ratemaking implications of interruptible service, monitor relevant developments in other 
jurisdictions, and produce model principles and/or language for interruptible service 
tariffs. EDF Comments at 12-13.
Citizens, Wellsboro, PPL, EAP, DCC, Amazon and Google recommend that any 
interruptible service should remain voluntary. Citizens and Wellsboro argue that smaller 
utilities are not in the position to administer any such service options. PPL shares 
concerns that requiring EDCs to implement mandatory interruptible rates or providing an 
interruptible rate only to a certain class of customers conflicts with customer choice 
principles codified in the Public Utility Code and the Competition Act. PPL also states 
that the Commission should recognize that a wide variety of interruptible service and 
Emerald Al recommends two key improvements to the Commission’s proposal: 
(1) ensuring the model tariff recasts the current “Interruptible Power” option as a clearly 
defined, contract-enforceable “Flexible Load Service” option that utilities can study, 
dispatch, and verify; and (2) making clear that achieving larger and faster 
interconnections—as essential elements of a tariff that also can reduce bills 

===PAGE 105===
ATTACHME560630083
Comments at 12-13. Amazon comments at 4. Google Comments at 3.
PECO recommends that the provision requiring EDCs to negotiate interruptible 
rates “upon request/' from a Large Load Customer should be removed. PECO argues that 
this provision (1) could operate as a “back door” to force EDCs without tariffed 
interruptible rates, like PECO, to offer such rates, and (2) does not include any guardrails 
to ensure such negotiated rates are in the public interest or do not result in unjust and 
unreasonable cost shifts to other customers. PECO Comments at 11-12.
load reduction programs are available to Large Load Customers, with retail suppliers and 
Conservation Service Providers actively competing to offer tailored solutions. Citizens’ 
and Wellsboro Comments at 5. PPL Comments at 19-20. EAP Comments at 24-25. DCC
PECO and Duquesne suggest removing the “Interruptible Service and Standby 
Rates for Large Load Customers” section from the Final Order. PECO avers that 
guidance on the components and execution of EDC interruptible and standby rates is best 
deferred to EDC-specific base rate proceedings. Duquesne suggests that the Commission 
convene a meeting of EDC subject matter experts given its complexity. Duquesne notes 
that it would be difficult, for an EDC, to establish a meaningful interruptible service rate 
EAP suggests that the Commission should instead establish broad principles and 
requirements for distribution-level interruptible service and allow each EDC to determine 
whether and how to offer interruptible service based on operational feasibility. EAP 
argues that system planning requirements may not differ significantly whether service is 
firm or interruptible, limiting infrastructure cost savings and justification for rate 
reductions. EAP avers that practically all Large Load Customers take supply directly 
from electric generation suppliers (“EGSs”), so the Commission should not mandate that 
EDCs offer customers interruptible distribution or default service. EAP Comments at 
24-25.

===PAGE 106===
ATTACHME560630083
NRDC recommends that customers should receive credit based on the actual 
recognizing that it only has visibility of system conditions within its service territory. 
PECO Comments at 11-12. Duquesne Comments at 18.
Emerald Al recommends retaining and strengthening the Commission’s core 
policy that large loads can be an asset to reliability and affordability when they are 
operationally flexible, that flexibility can merit economic incentives (including reduced 
minimum demand charges), and that verifiable flexibility should also be rewarded— 
where feasible and consistent with reliability—with what large loads value most: larger 
and faster interconnections (time-to-power and capacity). Emerald Al Comments at 1-2.
Google recommends that customers who opt into these programs should be 
eligible for expedited interconnection because their ability to curtail load reduces the 
immediate need for costly and time-consuming network upgrades. Google states that 
while the Commission tentatively finds that interruptible service can help protect 
ratepayers from stranded costs and reduce system upgrade requirements, many data 
center customers support essential infrastructure that requires absolute firm power. 
Google Comments at 3.
system value of their flexibility instead of lowering minimum demand charges for 
customers that participate in demand response programs. NRDC suggests the appropriate 
methodology used to define the benefits of flexibility should be explored by the 
Commission in a future proceeding. NRDC argues that while demand response could 
lower a customer’s monthly maximum capacity and costs, it is not the proper incentive 
mechanism, as reducing the minimum demand charge would undermine its intended 
function, which is to ensure revenues are sufficient to cover the large customer’s full 
costs in case their load does not sustain at contracted levels. NRDC Comments at 10.

===PAGE 107===
ATTACHME560630083
DCC suggests that if an EDC offers interruptible service, the tariff should avoid 
punitive 'one strike' penalties. DCC Comments at 12-13.
State Senator Katie J. Muth, NRDC, and OCA support requiring curtailment 
programs for Large Load Customers during grid emergencies. NRDC argues that it is a 
Google and ACEEE recommend the Commission establish a formal capacity 
accreditation mechanism that treats interruptible load as a reliability asset equivalent to a 
physical power plant. Google argues that by recognizing interruptible load as a formal 
capacity resource rather than a simple tariff discount, the Commission can incentivize 
large-scale users to serve as a critical reliability buffer, lowering procurement costs for all 
Pennsylvania ratepayers while avoiding redundant investments in peak-generation 
infrastructure. Google Comments at 3. ACEEE Comments at 5.
Earthjustice’s joint comments recommend that if customers do not have service 
automatically interrupted but instead can choose whether or not to curtail demand when 
called upon, the penalty for failing to comply with interruptible service contracts must be 
severe. More specifically, they suggest that the penalty should be some significant 
multiple of the difference between the rate charges under the interruptible versus firm 
rates over the contract tenn, and/or should include an adder calculated from the instant 
FirstEnergy supports the provisions that will apply a monetary penalty based on 
the difference between the interruptible and non-interruptible rate, as well as requiring 
the customer’s removal from interruptible service, if the customer fails to curtail or 
interrupt load when directed. FirstEnergy Comments at 19 and 29.
market price of capacity during the interruption directive period. Earthjustice’s joint 
comments also recommend that the failure of a Large Load Customer to comply with an 
interruption directive should not result in the defaulting of that customer to a firm service 
contract. Earthjustice Joint Comments at 19-22.

===PAGE 108===
ATTACHME560630083
compromising broader service. Muth Comments at 5.
CAUSE-PA and TURN urge the Commission to develop an explicit load-shedding 
prioritization schedule for inclusion in its model large load tariff that will take effect in a 
grid emergency. They share concerns that the Commission has not included any 
mandatory load shedding provisions within its model tariff in the event of a grid 
emergency. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 42-43.
OCA also suggests that the Commission should require the EDCs’ tariffs and
Emergency Load Control Procedures to subject Large Loads to differentiated treatment 
State Senator Katie J. Muth advocates adopting explicit emergency curtailment 
rules requiring noncritical large loads be curtailed before any residential or small business 
customers and should ensure that utilities can isolate and shed these loads without 
OCA recommends that the Commission should require that new large loads be 
interruptible or curtailable during PJM- or utility-directed emergency conditions, 
including as a condition of interconnection, with clear performance expectations and 
consequences for noncompliance. OCA argues that the Commission and the EDCs have 
not asserted that Large Load Customers will be treated differently from other customers, 
and that a failure to differentiate is not aligned with the scale of risk created by rapid 
large load growth, such as manual load shed events under the EDCs’ current tariffs or 
Emergency Load Control Procedures. OCA Comments at 49.
reasonable and necessary measure that is not unduly discriminatory and is within the 
Commission’s jurisdiction. NRDC also notes that other states PUCs have already taken 
steps in this direction, including in Ohio, and that the Commission must maintain 
reliability and cost-effectiveness for all customers while having unquestionable authority 
over retail electric service, including the tenns and conditions under which service is 
provided. Muth Comments at 5. NRDC Comments at 9. OCA Comments at 49-52.

===PAGE 109===
ATTACHME560630083
during manual load shed/emergency curtailment events. OCA argues that reliability 
related service conditions should be reflected in enforceable tariff language, and EDCs 
should be directed to update their tariffs Emergency Load Control Procedures to 
implement the Commission-approved priority and curtailment framework for large loads 
in a transparent and administrable manner. OCA Comments at 50.
OCA recommends that the Commission require utilities’ curtailment plans be 
updated to make clear that the non-critical load of Large Load Customers be curtailed 
before and to the extent of preventing curtailments of residential customers. OCA also 
recommends that large loads should be required to support implementation measures that 
make curtailment workable and verifiable, including: (1) service on dedicated or 
otherwise segregable feeders where practicable; (2) clear identification of any “critical” 
load segments, with those segments separated behind the meter to the extent the customer 
seeks higher continuity of service; and (3) telemetry and communications capability 
sufficient for EDCs to execute and confinn curtailment actions during emergency 
operations. OCA argues that if new large loads increase the probability or severity of 
emergency operating actions, then it is appropriate that they face differentiated service 
conditions designed to mitigate the incremental reliability risk they introduce. OCA also 
argues that existing customers should not bear increased outage exposure as a result of 
accommodating a subset of exceptionally large new loads. OCA Comments at 51-52.
Emerald Al recommends the Commission clarify that “flexible service” is not 
limited to binary on/off interruption but may also include partial reductions and planned 
peak shaping. Emerald Al argues that the Commission’s own discussion indicates 
DCC suggests that curtailment language should apply in a non-discriminatory 
manner to similarly situated large loads, not a single industry category. DCC Comments 
at 12-13.

===PAGE 110===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
Mainspring recommends that the Commission should establish a pennanent 
flexible/non-capacity-backed service option—separate from PJM emergency demand 
response participation—that provides a standardized retail product for customers willing 
to commit to defined flexibility (e.g., peak import caps, ramp limits, curtailment 
availability). A bankable, scalable flexible service product should specify (i) operational 
triggers and limits, (ii) measurement and verification standards (telemetry, baselines, 
performance testing), (iii) penalty structure, and (iv) how flexibility commitments 
translate into reduced infrastructure requirements, CIAC, or study prioritization. 
Mainspring Comments at 4 and 9.
flexibility can be partial, measured as a share of interruptible service or a number of 
hours per year. Emerald Al Comments at 2 and 5-6.
We proposed that interruptible service programs will be available to Large Load 
Customers based on the EDC’s existing interruptible tariff provisions. Environmental 
stakeholders, OCA, Emerald Al, IECPA, and KEEA generally support encouraging 
interruptible load programs to be developed by EDCs due to the program’s potential to 
enhance generation investment and reduce costs for other ratepayers. Citizens,
Google recommends that the Commission maintain a clear distinction between 
interruption policy and cogeneration/standby rate policy, as they serve different technical 
functions. Google states that standby rates or non-firm service should be specifically 
developed for customers with co-located generation who require grid access for limited 
hours or emergency backup. In contrast, interruptible customers should be encouraged to 
participate in economic and emergency demand response as grid assets, provided that 
interruptions are limited to a specific number of hours per year to maintain commercial 
viability. Google Comments at 3.

===PAGE 111===
ATTACHME560630083
We proposed requiring EDCs to provide Large Load Customers with their 
emergency response customer requirements, including required actions by the Large 
Load Customer necessary to respond to an emergency load shed event called by PJM. 
State Senator Katie J. Muth, NRDC, OCA, and PAWC support requiring curtailment 
We proposed a penalty for Large Load Customers refusing to curtail or interrupt 
as directed by the EDC. Alternative proposals include increasing the monetary penalty to 
adequately incentivize Large Load Customers to comply with interruption directives, or 
removing the requirement that defaults the customer to firm service if the customer fails 
to interrupt as directed because the Commission should avoid “one strike” penalties. We 
are not persuaded to modify our proposal. We find our proposal to sufficiently encourage 
Large Load Customers to comply with interruption directives from EDCs.
We proposed that Large Load Customers that are not using their full 
interconnection limit may be offered lower minimum demand charges and/or standby 
rates. Some alternative proposals include expedited interconnection because curtailing 
load would reduce upgrade requirements or treating interruptible load as a reliability asset 
to lower procurement costs for all ratepayers and avoid redundant investments in 
peak -generation infrastructure. We are not persuaded by commentors to modify our 
proposal regarding lower minimum demand charges and/or standby rates for interruptible 
load. We find our proposal to sufficiently incentivize Large Load Customers to consider 
interruptible service.
Wellsboro, PPL, EAP, and Large Load Customers recommend that any interruptible 
service should remain voluntary because requiring such programs violate customer 
choice principles. Considering that few comments oppose the proposal, we adopt the 
provision as proposed that interruptible service programs are based on the EDC’s existing 
interruptible tariff provisions. We agree with the EDCs that requiring such programs only 
to a certain class of customers may be considered discriminatory.

===PAGE 112===
ATTACHME560630083
Infrastructure Upgrades by Large Load Customers
In the Tentative Order, we proposed a self-construct option for customers willing 
to fully fund infrastructure upgrades. We agreed that existing utility standards may be 
imposed on customer funded construction, even in instances of infrastructure connected 
to the transmission system.
programs during grid emergencies, stating that it is within the Commission’s authority to 
maintain reliability and cost-effectiveness for all customers. CAUSE-PA, TURN, and 
DCC generally support voluntary load curtailment programs because a voluntary program 
may prevent the need for additional infrastructure. We are not persuaded by stakeholders 
to modify the Tentative Order’s proposal regarding curtailment programs. We find our 
proposal to sufficiently maintain system reliability and cost-effectiveness across the 
electric grid.
EDF, NRDC, OCA, OSBA, Mainspring, Invenergy, Constellation, and Large 
Load Customers support the Tentative Order’s proposal for a voluntary self-construct 
option for customers willing to fully fund infrastructure upgrades. NRDC avers that 
customer-constructed infrastructure could reduce financial risks associated with a project 
by avoiding the potential of stranded costs and cost shifts entirely, and that prohibiting 
customer-funded infrastructure would be a disservice to all customers. Invenergy submits 
that this recommendation will accelerate the deployment of needed facilities, better align 
costs with beneficiaries, and reduce the risk of delay for critical load-serving and 
generation investments. Invenergy states that the self-construct option recognizes that 
serving Large Load Customers will require significant transmission and distribution 
upgrades, and that those upgrades must be planned and funded in a way that preserves 
reliability and fairly allocates costs, providing a practical foundation for utility-customer 
collaboration on long-tenn infrastructure that supports the grid and the Commonwealth’s 
economic-development goals. Constellation argues that self-construction provides Large

===PAGE 113===
ATTACHME560630083
OSBA Comments at 7. Mainspring Comments at 8. Invenergy Comments at 4.
Constellation Comments at 2-3. DCC Comments at 13. Amazon Comments at 4. Google 
Comments at 2.
Load Customers with more control and certainty during the design and construction 
phases of the interconnection process, and that Large Load Customers may be able to 
self-construct upgrades more quickly and at a lower cost than the EDC. Constellation and 
Google submit that self-construction will enable speed to market while maintaining 
safety and reliability and preventing socialization of construction costs to existing 
customers. EDF Comments at 13. NRDC Comments at 10-11. OCA Comments at 43.
OCA states that Large Load Customers should be liable for self-construction and 
have sufficient insurance or equivalent commercially acceptable financial guarantees to 
cover the costs of any damages resulting from their facilities not being built to the EDC’s 
requirements. OCA also states that under no circumstances should ratepayers be held 
financially responsible for the failure of the self-constructed facilities of Large Load 
Customers. OCA Comments at 43.
OSBA’s position is that the Large Load Customer must pay for any incremental 
work that self-constructed infrastructure causes the Utility to incur, including but not 
limited to compliance and integration activities. OSBA Comments at 7.
NRDC suggests a self-construct option process similar to PG&E’s Electric Rule 
30’s Applicant Build Option. NRDC Comments at 10-11.
If the Commission determines that Large Load Customers should be permitted to 
make system upgrades directly, PPL urges the Commission to pennit a “build your own 
option” only if the EDC is not meeting interconnection deadlines as prescribed by the 
parties’ agreement. PPL Comments at 20-21.

===PAGE 114===
ATTACHME560630083
Of those who commented on whether utilities should earn returns on 
If the Commission wishes to explore allowing customers to self-construct 
infrastructure, Duquesne recommends that the Commission should do so via separate 
proceedings or a working group, rather than a model tariff Duquesne argues that 
construction of facilities that potentially impact the transmission system should be 
restricted to organizations under FERC and NERC oversight, which excludes data center 
customers and developers. Duquesne Comments at 19.
PECO requests that the Commission specify in its Final Order in this proceeding 
that EDCs have discretion to incorporate related provisions into their future large load 
tariffs. PECO recognizes the potential benefits of Large Load Customers purchasing 
long-lead equipment at a reasonable cost and in strict compliance with utility technical 
standards. PECO Comments at 11.
customer-funded infrastructure, there is an overwhelming consensus in opposition. EDF, 
NRDC, CAUSE-PA, TURN, and OCA recommend that EDCs should not be allowed to 
PAWC, the EDCs, and EAP oppose the Tentative Order’s self-construct provision. 
PAWC, PECO, FirstEnergy, and EAP argue that allowing third parties to do their own 
upgrades to the broader electric grid can compromise safety and reliability standards as 
well as compliance responsibilities for transmission owners. FirstEnergy, PPL, Citizens’, 
and Wellsboro also argue that EDCs are best positioned to efficiently and cost-effectively 
construct necessary system upgrades associated with large load interconnections. In 
addition, EAP shares concerns over potential disputes between EDCs and the Large Load 
Customer. Duquesne submits that any infrastructure in front of the meter, in the public 
utility right-of-way, and/or under PUC jurisdiction should be constructed, owned, and 
maintained by the EDC. PAWC Comments at 4. PECO Comments at 10-11 Duquesne 
Comments at 19. FirstEnergy Comments at 20-22. PPL Comments at 20-21. Citizens’ 
and Wellsboro Comments at 5. EAP Comments at 25-26.

===PAGE 115===
ATTACHME560630083
31-32. OCA Comments at 43-44.
way to ensure that the work meets existing engineering and Commission standards is to 
have it done by workers who have the experience, safety standards, and worker 
protections that come with union labor. Williams Comments at 3.
Multiple parties share additional suggestions regarding infrastructure upgrades by 
Large Load Customers for the Commission to consider.
CAUSE-PA and TURN state that the Commission’s response to the question 
regarding utilities earning a rate of return for customer-funded infrastructure is 
fundamental, and should not be punted to some future, unidentified proceedings. 
CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 31-32.
earn a return on any facilities self-constructed by Large Load Customers. EDF, 
CAUSE-PA, TURN, and OCA argue that utilities did not finance the cost of such 
facilities, which means the investment comes without risk of recovery to the EDC. OCA 
avers that there is no need for such a provision, and if allowed, it would open the door to 
numerous possible non-investments for which EDCs would request returns. NRDC also 
argues that if allowed, it would mark a radical shift in current regulatory practices. EDF 
Comments at 13. NRDC Comments at 10-11. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 
State Senator Lindsey M. Williams advocates for requiring the use of local union 
labor in the event of customer-funded infrastructure. Senator Williams states that the best 
If the Commission does not adopt clear self-construct guardrails, Mainspring 
recommends initiating a scoped follow-on proceeding with a defined schedule on utility 
return and cost allocation for customer-funded upgrades. Mainspring argues that this 
proceeding will ensure that uncertainties do not stall projects. Mainspring Comments at 
10-11 and 16.

===PAGE 116===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
In the current environment, however, with serious constraints on workforce and 
supply chains, we find it is warranted to allow Large Load Customers to directly 
Mainspring recommends that the Final Order establish near-term minimum 
standards for contractor qualification, technical standards, oversight, 
acceptance/commissioning, and dispute resolution for self-construct. Mainspring 
Comments at 10-11 and 16.
Our Tentative Order suggested Large Load Customers should be permitted to 
self-construct infrastructure upgrades, even if those upgrades would be network upgrades 
impacting the broader grid rather than infrastructure on the customer side of the meter. 
We recognize that this was an out-of-the-box proposal. Network infrastructure will affect 
ratepayers on the system beyond the Large Load Customer. Our EDCs apply stringent 
and uniform standards to maintain a safe and reliable system. We would never propose 
any action that we felt would erode those standards.
PECO seeks clarification on the future ownership or control of such infrastructure 
once construction is completed. PECO highlights that the maintenance of the distribution 
system and the obligation to provide safe, reliable service to all customers are core 
responsibilities of each EDC, and PECO is not aware of any way those responsibilities 
can be legally shifted to non-utility third parties. PECO Comments at 10.
AEU recommends that the tariff should specify the resource characteristics that 
large-load customers are seeking, including transmission and distribution resources that 
are sourced or supported via utility procurements, bilateral or trilateral contracting, 
behind the meter and front of meter co-location arrangements, or other sourcing 
processes. AEU Comments at 2.

===PAGE 117===
ATTACHME560630083
Universal Service Cost Allocation
construct infrastructure upgrades if they have the resources to do so. Some of the 
developers of large load projects are large, sophisticated companies that may have their 
own access to equipment that is difficult to acquire quickly due to high demand. 
Constellation and Google commented that self-construction may improve speed to market 
for Large Load Customers while reducing costs to other ratepayers. Any self-construction 
would be required to meet all EDC standards for safety and reliability. Those upgrades 
would also have to comply with all applicable FERC and NERC regulations.
We appreciate the concerns raised by some commenters, including many of the 
EDCs. Nevertheless, we find that on balance our Commonwealth would be better served 
by allowing self-construction. Several commenters, including the OSBA and OCA, 
pointed out that customer construction can reduce costs for the overall system and protect 
ratepayers, as any assets constructed by the customer would not be included in utility rate 
bases. In our opinion, a policy that makes Pennsylvania a more attractive place for 
investment and economic development while simultaneously insulating ratepayers from 
stranded costs is in the public interest.
In the Tentative Order, we agreed with CAUSE-PA and TURN that the addition of 
Large Load Customers has an impact on the rates all customers pay for electricity, 
especially in relation to capacity and transmission rates. As such, we proposed a 
requirement that Large Load Customers contribute to the utility’s hardship fund annually, 
with the minimum amount to be contributed based on the Large Load Customer’s peak 
demand. We were seeking comments on whether there should be a required contribution 
to a utility’s low-income program and whether the utility’s hardship fund is the 
appropriate program and whether the amounts proposed are appropriate.

===PAGE 118===
ATTACHME560630083
The discussion revealed no agreement over the inclusion of universal service cost 
allocation. While multiple parties suggest expanding the contribution to universal service 
programs and/or implementing a volumetric charge, others expressed opposition to the 
contributions within the Final Order.
requirement would increase some current hardship fund budgets by over 100%, causing 
utilities and their community partners to possibly struggle to distribute this level of funds 
and negatively impacting the contributions’ goal of helping to offset any impact the 
addition of Large Load Customers has on rates. Under the Commission’s current 
proposal, Duquesne highlights that (1) contributions may shift year to year as data centers 
open, close, and adjust usage; (2) the plan administrator charges administrative fees based 
on the volume of grants provided; and (3) these administrative charges are paid by all 
residential customers via the universal service surcharge. Earthjustice’s joint comments 
highlight that the need for new revenues to meet increased universal service program 
needs is more urgent than ever in light of cuts to federal funding for basic needs 
programs. CAUSE-PA and TURN note that there is no indication that imposing a 
State Senator Carolyn Comitta, State Senator Lindsey M. Williams, the Shapiro 
Administration, SCA, CAC, EDF, NRDC, Earthjustice’s joint comments, CAUSE-PA, 
TURN, OCA, KEEA, Duquesne, FirstEnergy, and EAP recommend that contributions to 
a utility’s low-income program should be expanded to universal service programs such as 
customer assistance programs. The Shapiro Administration, EDF, CAUSE-PA, TURN, 
OCA, Duquesne, FirstEnergy, and EAP submit the universal service programs are more 
appropriate than the hardship fund based on the greater reach of the former program, 
benefiting all customer classes. Senator Williams, CAC, EDF, NRDC, OCA, and KEEA 
submit that by requiring contributions to universal service programs, the model tariff can 
help ensure that Large Load Customers are doing their part to offset rising energy costs. 
Duquesne, FirstEnergy, and EAP find that expanding to universal service programs may 
be more fair and more administratively feasible, reducing the impact of fluctuating 
annual contributions. EAP shares concerns over how the current Tentative Order 

===PAGE 119===
ATTACHME 260630083
at 1-2.
requirement to contribute to universal service and energy conservation program costs 
would place the Commonwealth at any disadvantage and that such a requirement would 
bring Pennsylvania into closer alignment with its peer states, like New Jersey, New York, 
and Ohio. Comitta Comments at 2. Williams Comments at 2-3. The Shapiro 
Administration Comments at 9. SC A Comments at 1. CAC Comments at 3. EDF
State Senator Lindsey M. Williams, the Shapiro Administration, DEF, EDF, 
NRDC, Earthjustice’s joint comments, CAUSE-PA, TURN, KEEA, and I-CPIE 
recommend including an ongoing volumetric charge (per kWh) in addition to a flat 
up-front fee (based on the Commission’s tiered pricing structure). DEF argues that this 
approach would align with Commissioners Barrow and Zerfuss’s statements, ensuring 
system beneficiaries bear fair responsibility while strengthening affordable service for 
vulnerable households. EDF argues that this recommendation would allow for a more 
dynamic and equitable assignment of costs based on relative size of the large user. 
Earthjustice’s joint comments and I-CPIE state that eliminating arbitrary tiers in the 
payment structure will prevent the gaming of facility design to remain under a threshold. 
I-CPIE also states that fixed schedules do not reflect the marginal cost impacts or provide 
incentives for improving demand management. Williams Comments at 2-3. The Shapiro 
Administration Comments at 9. DEF Comments at 2-3. EDF Comments at 13-14. NRDC
Comments at 13-14. NRDC Comments at 11. Earthjustice Joint Comments at 14-15. 
CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 16, 19, and 26. OCA Comments at 44-47. KEEA 
Comments at 5. Duquesne Comments at 20-21. FirstEnergy Comments at 22-23. EAP 
Comments at 26-28.
Comments at 11. Earthjustice Joint Comments at 14-15. CAUSE-PA and TURN
Comments at 16-17, 20, 22-23, and 26. KEEA Comments at 5-6. I-CPIE Comments 

===PAGE 120===
ATTACHME560630083
Regarding the volumetric fee component, various proposals suggest how it should
be calculated:
I-CPIE suggests that contributions should be related to actual system costs, 
including performance-based contributions and dynamic pricing that is reflective of the 
marginal impacts on the level and the changes (ramping) of the demand. The volumetric 
components can be implemented through various forms of dynamic pricing, including 
rates indexed to the Locational Marginal Prices (LMPs) calculated at the specific 
interconnection node and ramping costs for large variations in a period of time. I-CPIE 
argues that this recommendation can create conditions that will make the Large Load 
Customers active participants in the energy market and encourage flexibility that can 
support the electrical system in times of stress. I-CPIE Comments at 1-2.
The Shapiro Administration and Earthjustice’s joint comments recommend that 
the minimum amount should not be contributed based on the Large Load Customer’s 
peak demand, but on actual electricity consumption. They state that using a volumetric 
formula proportionate to actual electricity consumption will incentivize load flexibility, 
which reduces total system costs. The Shapiro Administration Comments at 9. 
Earthjustice Joint Comments at 14-15.
CFPPA, Duquesne, FirstEnergy, and EAP disagree with addressing the hardship 
requirement in the Final Order. Duquesne, FirstEnergy, and EAP recommend that the 
Commission should instead consider this matter in a separate regulatory proceeding, the 
next Universal Service and Energy Conservation Plans (“USECPs”) proceeding, or 
case-by-case review in base rate cases. FirstEnergy argues that USECP filings and rate 
case proceedings are established regulatory processes that detail company level funding 
decisions and allow for stakeholder input. EAP states that it is not aware of other 
jurisdictions imposing large fixed annual contributions specifically on Large Load 
Customers, which may create a cumulative burden that disadvantages Pennsylvania.

===PAGE 121===
ATTACHME560630083
CFPPA Comments at 2. Duquesne Comments at 20-21. FirstEnergy Comments at 22-23. 
EAP Comments at 28-29.
Regarding the Commission’s authority to implement these contributions, CFPPA 
argues that the contribution is well beyond the statutory authority of the Commission and 
will certainly lead to litigation. CFPPA avers that singling out Large Load Customers is 
unfair and sets a dangerous precedent for forced contributions unrelated to the costs the 
entity will impose. CFPPA Comments at 2.
State Senator Lindsey M. Williams and OCA submit that the proposed monetary 
amounts are too low and recommend increased contributions to a utility’s low-income 
program. Williams Comments at 2-3. OCA Comments at 44-47.
CAUSE-PA and TURN submit that the Commission has clear authority to require 
both the universal service contributions and an ongoing volumetric charge, as (1) the 
Commission has a statutory obligation to ensure energy is “available to all customers on 
reasonable terms and conditions” and to support energy affordability measures 
benefitting low-income Pennsylvanians, (2) mandated contributions to utility hardship 
funds are perfectly legal and well-precedented under the Electric Choice Act, and (3) the 
Commonwealth Court in Lloyd v. Pa. PUC has clarified that “there is no statutory 
requirement that the funding for special programs come only from those who benefit 
from the programs,” which means the Commission has discretion in determining which 
customer classes should pay for public purpose programs—whether or not those classes 
benefit from the programs—and has the authority to assign costs accordingly. In addition, 
CAUSE-PA and TURN state that to their knowledge, Pennsylvania is the only state that 
limits cost recovery of universal service programming to the residential ratepayer class, 
in which the Commission may revoke or modify this exemption for non-residential 
ratepayers at the Commission’s discretion. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 16-17, 
20, 22-23, and 26.

===PAGE 122===
ATTACHME560630083
EDF suggests the Commission adopts, or provides a roadmap for adopting, a more 
nuanced fee structure. EDF Comments at 13-14.
OCA recommends that (1) the monetary amounts in the proposed schedule should 
be tied to inflation with the base year being 2026, and (2) the monetary amounts collected 
under the proposed schedule should be allocated across all utilities’ hardship funds, not 
just to the utilities with Large Load Customers. OCA Comments at 44-47.
The Shapiro Administration suggests that the universal service rate for large loads 
should be calculated and periodically adjusted to offset or eliminate residential customer 
contributions to universal service program funding while increasing or holding steady the 
level of service provided by the universal service program. The Shapiro Administration 
Comments at 9.
CAUSE-PA and TURN recommend that the Commission require any EDC with a 
universal service and energy conservation program to address cost recovery and 
allocation of universal service costs in the first 1308(d) general base rate case filed after 
issuance of the order in this proceeding. They suggest that the model tariff does not need 
to detennine the appropriate allocation of fees and costs at this juncture, and that the 
model tariff should instead include specific parameters, including expected rate design, to 
guide those future proceedings and ensure consistent application across the 
Commonwealth. They argue that this recommendation allows for more flexible and 
equitable assignment of universal service costs, which can be scaled to the energy 
demand of each Large Load Customer. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 26-27.
IECPA recommends requiring contributions to EDCs’ hardship funds, if adopted, 
be directly connected with cost-causation principles. In other words, IECPA suggests 
limiting mandated hardship fund contributions by Large Load Customers to a defined 
period of time (e.g., the minimum contract period) to ensure the contributions are roughly 

===PAGE 123===
ATTACHME560630083
DEF suggests that such contributions could be structured as supplemental 
tariff-based charges. DEF Comments at 2-3.
If the Commission would include a contribution towards low-income programs 
provision to Large Load Customers in the model tariff, FirstEnergy submits that an 
allocation of the overall costs of the Universal Service Cost Rider would be more 
OCA urges the Commission to include a non-by passable “system benefits charge” 
for Large Load Customers to contribute to the costs of universal service programming in 
its model tariff. OCA Comments at 44-47.
effective and easier to administer than hardship fund contributions, providing a greater 
benefit to customers. FirstEnergy Comments at 22-23.
matched with the cost drivers, particularly the speed-to-market demands of high-impact 
load growth. IECPA states that it is crucial that the true cost drivers - that is, the 
high-impact loads that rapidly change the cost and market factors - are the ones that 
require contribution, and that any mandated hardship contribution must not encompass 
existing industrial and institutional customers who are not driving the increased costs. 
IECPA Comments at 8-9.
CAUSE-PA, TURN, and KEEA urge the Commission to include a provision that 
equitably and proportionately assigns universal service and energy conservation program 
costs through a non-by passable, volume-based rider. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments 
at 16-17. KEEA Comments at 5-6.
Duquesne recommends utilizing a universal surcharge. Duquesne Comments at 
20-21.

===PAGE 124===
ATTACHME560630083
DEF recommends that the Commission’s Final Order explicitly support the 
development or adoption of funding mechanisms through which Large Load Customers 
could voluntarily, or be compelled to, directly contribute to Hardship Programs. DEF 
Comments at 2-3.
EAP seeks further clarification on several implementation questions to ensure that 
any universal service contribution requirements are equitable, legally sound, and 
administratively workable. EAP suggests that the Commission should clearly specify 
whether this suggested requirement would apply to existing customers and, if so, provide 
appropriate transition mechanisms. EAP submits that the Commission should specify 
how peak demand will be measured; whether the peak demand is based on contracted or 
actual demand; whether there is impact based on a ramping schedule; and if or when peak 
demand should be reassessed for purposes of this contribution. EAP Comments at 26-28.
EAP avers that utilities will likely have other operational concerns should this be 
put into place such as how this contribution should be collected, what happens if a 
customer fails to pay, how is this charge reflected, and at what point in the process it 
should be collected (at the beginning of the contract year, included as a part of financial 
security requirements, other). EAP Comments at 26-28.
In addition to contributions to the Universal Service Fund, KEEA suggests 
establishing a fund dedicated to promoting energy efficiency that would be paid into by 
the Large Load Customers as part of the interconnection process. KEEA Comments at 
5-6.
EDF suggests that the Commission clarify that Large Load Customers’ 
contribution to universal services programs should increase those programs’ total 
budgets, rather than effecting a reallocation of existing budgets. EDF Comments at 
13-14.

===PAGE 125===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
CFPPA, Duquesne, FirstEnergy, and EAP disagree with addressing the hardship 
fund requirement in the Final Order, with Duquesne, FirstEnergy, and EAP 
recommending that the Commission should instead consider this matter in a separate 
regulatory proceeding, the next Universal Service and Energy Conservation Plan 
(“USECPs”) proceedings, or on a case-by-case bases in rate cases. We agree with parties 
that suggested that EDC rate cases and Universal Service Plan proceedings are the 
appropriate venue for addressing Universal Service total funding levels, structures, 
eligibility requirements, enrollment procedures, and other program features. However, 
this does not preclude us from addressing the appropriateness of having Large Load 
Customers contribute to these programs in this proceeding and the EDC tariff filings that 
will result.
We suggested that Large Load Customers contribute to the utility’s hardship fund 
annually, with the minimum amount to be contributed based on the Large Load 
Customer’s peak demand. Of those supporting these contributions, there are two main 
recommendations. The first recommendation is that contributions to a utility’s hardship 
fund should be expanded to universal service programs, including the Customer 
Assistance Programs (CAPs), which was proposed by State Senator Carolyn Comitta, 
State Senator Lindsey M. Williams, the Shapiro Administration, SCA, CAC, EDF, 
NRDC, Earthjustice’s joint comments, CAUSE-PA, TURN, OCA, KEEA, Duquesne, 
FirstEnergy, and EAP. The second recommendation was that an ongoing volumetric 
charge (per kWh) should be adopted in addition to a flat up-front fee (based on the 
Commission’s tiered pricing structure), which was proposed by State Senator Lindsey M. 
Williams, the Shapiro Administration, DEF, EDF, NRDC, Earthjustice’s joint comments, 
CAUSE-PA, TURN, KEEA, and I-CPIE.

===PAGE 126===
ATTACHME560630083
Contributions to utility universal service programs would not only help ameliorate 
the impact of rising energy prices for low-income universal service program participants 
but will also help all residential customers by relieving some of the cost burden of these 
programs, which are currently borne solely by residential electric customers. However, 
while EDCs are free to propose what they think best in this regard, we are inclined to 
favor a flat fee model based upon the Large Load Customer’s peak demand as opposed to 
a volumetric charge. Such a fee structure would be simpler for the EDCs to assess and 
administer and provide greater predictability and transparency for both the utility and the 
Large Load Customer.
CAUSE-PA and TURN have stated that to their knowledge, Pennsylvania is the 
only state that limits cost recovery of universal service programming to the residential 
ratepayer class, in which the Commission may revoke or modify this exemption for 
non-residential ratepayers at the Commission’s discretion. We agree with CAUSE-PA and 
TURN that the Commission has the authority to require other customer classes, not just 
the residential class, to contribute to the costs of universal service programs and that we 
do have an obligation to ensure that electric service is available to all customers on 
reasonable terms and conditions. We point to the Commission’s long-standing Policy 
Statement on Customer Assistance Programs at 52 Pa. Code §§ 69.261 - 69.267; 
specifically, 69.266 (relating to cost recovery) that declares “No rate class should be 
considered routinely exempt from CAP and other universal service obligations.” We 
agree with comments made by State Senator Carolyn Comitta, State Senator Lindsey M. 
Williams, the Shapiro Administration, SCA, CAC, EDF, NRDC, Earthjustice’s joint 
comments, CAUSE-PA, TURN, OCA, KEEA, Duquesne, FirstEnergy, and EAP 
and modify our guidance to allow EDCs to propose in their tariff filings that Large Load 
Customers provide contributions to universal service programs generally, not limited to 
the utility's hardship fund. We agree with the comments from many of the EDCs, 
advocates, and the Shapiro Administration that this would be administratively 
feasible and in the public interest.

===PAGE 127===
ATTACHME560630083
Reporting Requirements
(a)
(b)
1.
11.
111.
IV.
V.
(0)
VI.
vii.
The confidential report should include the following with respect to Large Load 
Customers:
An EDC should report to the Commission on a semiannual basis the information 
identified below subject to the protection of confidential and competitively 
sensitive information (“Confidential Information") in the report. The reported 
Confidential Information should be exempt from public disclosure. The 
confidential portions of the report should not be provided to the Large Load 
Customers or other competitively interested stakeholders. The confidential portion 
of the report will be provided to the statutory advocates subject to agreed 
procedures (or, in the absence of agreement, Commission ordered procedures) for 
the protection of the Confidential Information.
The number of executed ESAs and transmission letters of agreement 
("LOAs") (semi-annual additions and cumulative total);
Contract Termination Fees assessed (number of fees assessed and dollar 
amount of each);
Notices of reduction to contract capacity with each MW reduction 
separately identified;
Status update on prospective Large Load Customers providing the number 
of customers and total load at the following development stages:
(1) expressed interest; (2) undergoing Transmission Planning internal 
analysis; (3) Executed LOA; (4) executed electric service agreement; 
(5) site in service;
Summary information regarding aggregate investments made by EDC to 
serve Large Load Customers including, but not limited to, direct connect 
facilities, local network upgrades, other transmission investment, and other 
distribution system investment (if applicable) as quantified in executed 
LOAs;
Aggregate Large Load Customer MW in service; and
Aggregate Large Load Customer MWh in service.
The first semi-annual report will be filed within six months of a Commission Final 
Order approving this guideline requirement. Upon Commission request following
The Commission tentatively determined that certain reporting requirements related 
to Large Load Customers would be informative. We requested comments on the 
following:

===PAGE 128===
ATTACHME560630083
Additionally, we propose the following annual reporting requirement:
the filing of any semi-annual report, copies of executed Energy Service Agreement 
(ESAs) and transmission Letter of Authorization (LOAs) should also be provided 
to the Commission, the Office of Small Business Advocate (OSBA), Office of 
Consumer Advocate (OCA) and the Commission’s Bureau of Investigation and 
Enforcement (BI&E) subject to agreed upon or, in the absence of agreement, 
Commission ordered terms of protection of the Confidential Information.
On or before March 31 of each year, the Company shall file with the Commission, 
on a confidential basis, a compliance report covering the prior calendar year. The 
report shall include:
• Revenue vs. Forecast - Actual revenues collected from Large Load Customers 
compared to forecasted revenues under approved tariff rates.
• Distribution System Impacts - Identification of any significant distribution 
system upgrades, reinforcements, or operational issues attributable to Large 
Load Customers, and the extent to which such costs were directly assigned or 
recovered from those customers.
• Curtailment Enforcement - A record of any Company-initiated
distribution-level curtailments or interruptions applicable to Large Load 
Customers, including any failures to comply and penalties assessed.
• Equity and Outreach - A description of measures undertaken to mitigate 
potential impacts of Large Load Customer rates on low-income or
disadvantaged communities, and a summary of customer education and 
outreach efforts.
Multiple stakeholders shared differing opinions regarding the reporting 
requirements, with some supporting the Tentative Order’s proposal and others proposing 
additional requirements or opposing the proposed requirements.
The Shapiro Administration, EDF, NRDC, OCA, and Vistra support the 
confidential reporting requirements outlined in the Tentative Order. The Shapiro 
Administration submits that collecting and tracking the data proposed by the Commission 
are critical to monitor and further notes the importance of collecting certain specific 
information relevant for system reliability, such as ride-through capabilities, expected 
load per-minute ramp rates, and the size and ramping capabilities of anticipated backup 

===PAGE 129===
ATTACHME560630083
generation and storage systems. NRDC anticipates this information will better enable the 
Commission and other government bodies to regulate large load additions in a reasonable 
and effective manner. EDF recommends the Commission preserve the proposed reporting 
requirements, including the Equity and Outreach reporting requirements, in its Final 
Order. The Shapiro Administration Comments at 9-10. EDF Comments at 14. NRDC 
Comments at 11. OCA Comments at 47. Vistra Comments at 5.
State Senator Carolyn Comitta suggests having Large Load Customers provide 
transparent reporting on energy procurement and usage, water usage, and environmental 
impacts. Comitta Comments at 3.
CCJ advocates for incentivizing or requiring Large Load Customers to provide 
transparent reporting on load profiles, energy procurement, and system impacts. OCA 
also recommends that hourly load profiles of Large Load Customers be collected, subject 
to confidentiality provisions. OCA argues that such hourly load profiles are critical for 
evaluating resource adequacy, assessing transmission and distribution upgrades, and 
determining cost allocations. CCJ Comments at 2. OCA Comments at 47.
State Senator Katie J. Muth advocates for expanding transparency and reporting 
requirements to include annual reporting on large load development and infrastructure 
impacts, so that advocates, lawmakers, and the general public can monitor cumulative 
effects across the Commonwealth. Senator Muth avers that without stronger tariff 
requirements and reporting obligations, communities may continue to bear the 
consequences of decisions made through confidential agreements. Muth Comments at 
3 and 5.
EDF, CAUSE-PA, and TURN recommend that the Commission should strengthen 
public disclosure requirements and revise the Tentative Order to direct utilities to file 
public versions of such annual reports. CAUSE-PA and TURN also suggest that the

===PAGE 130===
ATTACHME560630083
Regarding Section (b) part iv of the proposed reporting requirements, OSBA 
proposes that the utility includes the number of customers and total load by year based on 
anticipated in-service date of the new large load, not just aggregate numbers. In addition, 
OSBA proposes a new Section (b) term, based on OSBA’s proposed results of Section 
(b) part iv., intended for the utility to estimate a probable or likely number of customers 
and total load for each in-service year. OSBA suggests that the probabilistic methodology 
for analysis may be at the utility’s discretion, provided that the methodology is filed with 
the report. OSBA also suggests that the methodology may be upgraded for accuracy in 
subsequent reporting periods based on historical results. OSBA argues that (1) this 
analysis may be used to inform a realistic forecast of Large Load Customer installations, 
by forecast year, for local and regional planning purposes and (2) planning scenarios will 
be useful for system planning purposes, and to prepare for local or regional procurement 
Commission should require EDCs to include a public-facing summary of each report 
written at a sixth-grade level with all reports available on a dedicated publicly accessible 
webpage. EDF argues that it is not clear why aggregated data regarding forecast versus 
actual revenues, distribution system impacts, or customer outreach efforts should be 
confidential. CAUSE-PA and TURN also argue that the Commission provided no basis 
for the blanket grant of confidentiality for the required reports. EDF states that much of 
those data are presumptively subject to disclosure in utilities’ base rate proceedings 
anyway. EDF Comments at 14. CAUSE-PA and TURN Comments at 33-34 and 36-37.
OCA recommends that Commission staff develop a uniform data reporting 
methodology that is periodically revisited and updated so that data is collected efficiently, 
consistently, and in an accessible and useful format. FirstEnergy and EAP submit that the 
Commission should also provide a standardized template or format for semi-annual 
reports, ensuring consistency across EDCs and simplifying preparation, if the 
Commission proceeds to incorporate reporting requirements in the Final Order. OCA 
Comments at 47. FirstEnergy Comments at 23. EAP Comments at 30-31

===PAGE 131===
ATTACHME560630083
Should the Commission proceed with such Large Load Customer reporting 
requirements, EAP states that six months is insufficient for EDCs to develop associated 
reporting systems, templates, and processes. EAP asks that the Commission allow at a 
minimum 12 months for the first report. EAP Comments at 30-31.
PECO, FirstEnergy, and EAP request that the Tentative Order’s proposed 
reporting requirements be struck in its entirety as its associated risks and costs outweigh 
the benefits. EAP and FirstEnergy are concerned that the reported, highly detailed, 
customer-specific information even under confidentiality agreements could be 
inadvertently disclosed through summaries in public documents or inform advocates’ 
positions or arguments in ways that indirectly reveal confidential infonnation. In 
addition, PECO and EAP are unsure what benefits such a report would have, other than 
to be “informative” to the Commission. In particular, EAP is also concerned with the 
requested infonnation related to “equity and outreach,” as utilities (1) perfonn measures 
to protect other customers (inclusive of low-income customers) already defined by 
existing regulations and through basic cost-causation principles, (2) do not track the 
existence of or otherwise have a common definition of “disadvantaged communities” and 
requirements and related economic activity. As a practical matter, OSBA expects that the 
likelihood of a large load coming into service is lower the earlier it is in the development 
stage, with increasing probability of reaching the in-service stage as the project develops. 
OSBA Comments at 7-8.
Mainspring recommends that the Final Order add a confidential “co-located 
generation and flexibility” reporting module that can be used for both distribution 
planning and PJM coordination. Mainspring argues that the Tentative Order proposes 
useful pipeline and compliance reporting but does not yet require the specific operational 
data needed to forecast hybrid load shapes and flexibility availability (e.g., expected 
self-supply profiles, import ceilings, and ramp capabilities). Mainspring Comments at 10.

===PAGE 132===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
Duquesne recommends that the Commission strike the proposed Equity and 
Outreach reporting requirement. While Duquesne supports the perceived intent behind 
this reporting metric, it notes the challenge of separating what outreach activities are 
related to the potential impacts of Large Load Customers, as compared to other factors 
associated with the overall economic environment. Additionally, Duquesne already 
reports on these efforts through other mechanisms. Duquesne Comments at 22.
We proposed a semi-annual confidential report from EDCs to the Commission, 
which will be provided to the statutory advocates subject to agreed procedures; the first 
semi-annual report to be filed within six months of a Commission Final Order approving 
Due to the rapidly evolving nature of large load growth, Duquesne recommends 
the Commission establish reporting requirements via a Secretarial Letter or other 
mechanism that can be easily adjusted to reflect current needs. Duquesne notes that a 
model tariff is likely not the appropriate mechanism to establish new reporting 
obligations. Duquesne Comments at 21.
Duquesne states that the proposed Distribution System Impact reporting 
requirement involving “operational issues attributable to Large Load Customers” could 
be problematic to report, as it is not always easy to assign the cause of an issue to a single 
customer, particularly when generation resource constraints result in service impacts. 
Duquesne Comments at 21-22.
do not and would not offer different service to such communities, and (3) already 
routinely provide outreach on universal service programs and energy efficiency as a part 
of existing regulations and obligations governing those programs. PECO Comments at 
17. FirstEnergy Comments at 23. EAP Comments at 30-31.

===PAGE 133===
ATTACHME560630083
Bring Your Own Generation (BYOG), Energy Efficiency, and Energy Storage
Comments at 1. AEU Comments at 2. KEEA Comments at 5.
this guideline requirement; and an annual compliance report from EDCs filed with the 
Commission, on a confidential basis, covering the prior calendar year.
Multiple parties have shared their opinions regarding BYOG, energy efficiency, 
and energy storage with some supporting or opposing this concept and others proposing 
specific incentive considerations.
As we review the volume and complexity of the comments regarding the 
recommended reporting requirements, we agree that more discussion is necessary 
regarding the proper scope and content of reporting requirements. Additionally, the 
timing and feasibility of compiling certain information is in question. Therefore, 
imposing reporting requirements at this time is premature and we will not adopt reporting 
requirements at this time.
State Senator Carolyn Comitta, State Representative Danielle Friel Otten, CCJ, 
EEE, AEU, and KEEA support requiring or incentivizing Large Load Customers like 
data centers to implement energy efficiency measures and/or self-supply or procure clean, 
renewable energy and/or battery storage to mitigate environmental and grid-impact 
concerns. Comitta Comments at 3. Otten Comments at 2. CCJ Comments at 2. EEE
The Shapiro Administration, EDF, NRDC, OCA, and Vistra support the 
confidential reporting requirements outlined in the Tentative Order. Numerous 
stakeholders recommended additional reporting requirements. PECO, FirstEnergy, and 
EAP request that the proposal be struck in its entirety as its associated risks and costs 
outweigh the benefits.

===PAGE 134===
ATTACHME560630083
OCA supports large loads and hybrid facilities that interconnect to the system only 
if they bring sufficient capacity (either through generation and reserves or 
capacity-backed demand response) to offset the additional load brought onto the grid. 
OCA Comments at 35.
YCFB recommends the Commission find ways in the model tariff to encourage 
co-location with new generation subject to local municipal approval. YCFB argues that 
new generation avoids issues of cost-shifting, and in fact can open up grid-stabilizing 
interconnection options. YCFB Comments at 2.
State Representative Danielle Friel Otten suggests requiring Large Load 
Customers to bring their own new generation as a condition of firm service. Otten 
Comments at 2.
Protect PT, Exus, and Constellation oppose the inclusion of a BYOG requirement, 
with Protect PT specifically stating that the Commission’s BYOG provision appears 
overly simplistic. Protect PT argues that on the long run, a BYOG strategy is likely to 
lead to separate-and-unequal energy economies, where large loads like data centers have 
the purchasing power to take what they want, while “captive” consumers get second-class 
status. Protect PT also argues that onsite generation doesn’t really insulate utility 
customers from cost impacts and brings more complexity for electric network planners 
and operators. Constellation argues that requiring Large Load Customers to bring their 
own new generation would be unduly discriminatory and likely to exacerbate the very 
resource adequacy issues it purports to address. Exus also argues that mandating a BYOG 
requirement may interfere with the EDC’s obligation to serve, raise undue discrimination 
concerns, and may require a legislative solution. Protect PT Comments at 4-5. Exus 
Comments at 4. Constellation Comments at 7.

===PAGE 135===
ATTACHME560630083
Disposition
IECPA proposes that the Commission should consider adding language to the 
model tariff that ensures BYOG will be considered by the EDCs when studying needed 
infrastructure upgrades to avoid overbuilding infrastructure where the customer has 
primary or backup onsite generation. IECPA Comments at 9-10.
IECPA and Exus recommend offering expedited treatment for loads with BYOG. 
IECPA argues that the expansion of generation provides significant benefits to the grid, 
including system-wide reliability improvements and enhanced resource adequacy, as well 
as help associated load to come online more quickly with less infrastructure investment. 
IECPA also states that any incentives for BYOG should avoid shifting costs to other 
ratepayers. IECPA Comments at 9-10. Exus Comments at 4-5.
The Tentative Order entertained the potential for Large Load Customers to 
voluntarily bring their own generation as well as self-supply or procure their own energy 
efficiency or energy storage resources. At this time, we are not persuaded by 
stakeholders' comments that it is either timely or within the scope of this model tariff to 
require Large Load Customers to bring their own generation. Therefore, we will not add 
provisions to the model tariff at this time related to requiring Large Load Customers to 
bring their own generation or any other energy efficiency and energy storage resources.

===PAGE 136===
ATTACHME 260630083
CONCLUSION
IT IS ORDERED:
That the Model Tariff for Customers with load at or over 50 MW1.
individually or 100 MW in the aggregate as set forth in the Appendix is hereby adopted.
2.
3. That the Secretary shall deposit a Notice of this Final Order with the 
Legislative Reference Bureau for publication in the Pennsylvania Bulletin.
That a copy of this Final Order shall be served upon the Office of 
Consumer Advocate, the Office of Small Business Advocate, the Commission’s Bureau 
of Investigation and Enforcement, the Energy Association of Pennsylvania, all 
jurisdictional electric distribution companies, and all parties that filed comments or 
testified at Docket No. M-2025-3054271.
Accordingly, pursuant to 66 Pa.C.S. §§ 501, 1301 and 1304 and with this Final 
Order, the Commission establishes a model large load customer tariff as set forth in the 
Appendix, attached hereto. We note that any issue, comment, request of a further change 
to the model tariff or objection to a possible change, which the Commission may not have 
specifically delineated herein, shall be deemed to have been duly considered and denied 
at this time without further discussion. The Commission is not required to consider 
expressly or at length each contention or argument raised by the parties. Consolidated 
Rail Corp. v. Pa. Pub. Util. Comm’n, 625 A.2d 741 (Pa. Cmwlth. 1993); see also, 
generally, U. of PA v. Pa. Pub. Util. Comm’n, 485 A.2d 1217 (Pa. Cmwlth. 1984); 
THEREFORE,

===PAGE 137===
ATTACHME560630083
That this proceeding at Docket No. A-2025-3054271 be closed.4.
Matthew L. Homsher
Secretary
(SEAL)
ORDER ADOPTED: April 30, 2026
ORDER ENTERED: May 12, 2026
BY THE C OMMISSION,

===PAGE 138===
ATTACHME 260630083
APPENDIX

===PAGE 139===
ATTACHME 260630083
ISSUED: (Issued Date) EFFECTIVE: (Effective Date)
MODEL TARIFF
FOR CUSTOMERS AT OR OVER 50 MW INDIVIDUALLY
OR 100 MW IN THE AGGREGATE 
(LARGE LOAD CUSTOMER)
BY: (Name and Title of Responsible Company Representative) 
(Company Address)
(Company Telephone Number)

===PAGE 140===
ATTACHME 260630083
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page No.
,x
,x9 ? 9 ? •> 9
,x
List of
Changes
Table of
Contents 
Title
Page

===PAGE 141===
ATTACHME560630083
Applicability
Definition of Terms
“Contract Term” is the Load Ramp Period plus the Initial Contract Term.
The following words and phrases, when used in this tariff, shall have the meanings 
assigned below unless the context clearly indicates otherwise: 
“Interconnection Facilities” means all facilities used for providing electric service to the 
Large Load Customer which solely benefit the Large Load Customer.
“Initial Contract Term” is the period of time where the Large Load Customer is under 
maximum contract capacity and has completed its Load Ramp Period.
“Contract Capacity” means the mutually agreed amount of monthly peak load 
requirements for each month during the remaining term after the Load Ramp Period as 
set forth in the contract for service, whereby the Company agrees to provide all of the 
components of retail electric service subject to the terms and conditions in its tariffs and 
the customer agrees to purchase service at that level for the stated term of the contract 
under the same terms and conditions.
“Customer Installation” means all wires, meter sockets, breaker or fuse panels, switches, 
appliances and apparatus of every kind and nature used in connection with or forming a 
part of an installation for utilizing electric energy for any purpose, ordinarily located on 
Customer's side of point of delivery and including the service leads, whether such 
installation is owned outright by Customer or used by Customer under lease or otherwise.
This tariff is applicable to customers at or over 50 MW individually or 100 MW in the 
aggregate. The Company shall have authority to apply this tariff to customers below
50 MW individually or 100 MW in the aggregate on a case-by-case basis. Behind the 
meter generation shall be excluded from the MW threshold calculation.
This tariff is applicable to new large load interconnections (new customers and new 
incremental load of existing customers) connecting to the electric distribution system. To 
clarify, an existing customer requesting to increase their load in which the site’s total load 
is at or over the MW thresholds in this tariff will be subject to this tariff’s provisions as a 
Large Load Customer.
“Exit Fee Period” is defined as the Large Load Customer's then remaining Initial 
Contract Tenn, or any agreed extension. The Exit Fee Period will not be less than one 
year and will not exceed five years.

===PAGE 142===
ATTACHME560630083
“Load Ramp Period” is the later period of time from:
when electric service is available to the Large Load Customer; or (a)
(b)
Terms of Contract
After the Initial Contract Tenn, Contracts shall remain in effect unless terminated by 
either party by providing written notice to the other party at least 48 months prior to the 
requested date of termination. After the Initial Contract Tenn, either party may request a 
modification to the Contract Capacity by providing written notice to the other party at 
least 48 months prior to the requested modification date. During the Initial Contact Tenn,
“Network Improvement Costs” means the share of costs for Network Improvements that 
are allocated to Large Load Customers. Network Improvement Costs will be equivalent 
to the benefits received by the Large Load Customers multiplied by the costs of the 
Network Improvement facility.
the Large Load Customer is scheduled to begin taking electric service, until 
the time the Large Load Customer's maximum contract capacity is billed.
A Large Load Customer’s Initial Contract Tenn should be made for a period of not less 
than five (5) years. The Company must ensure that the Initial Contact Tenn recovers the 
cost of the Company’s investment to serve the Large Load Customer, possibly subjecting 
a Large Load Customer to a longer Initial Contract Tenn detennined by the Company on 
a case-by-case basis. A Customer may designate a Load Ramp Period, which should be at 
or between three (3) years and five (5) years. If the Large Load Customer designates a 
Load Ramp Period, the Initial Contract Term should commence after the Load Ramp 
Period ends. The Company has discretion to work out the specific milestones of the Load 
Ramp Period on a case-by-case basis.
“Network Improvements” means all incremental facilities needed to provide electric 
service to the Large Load Customer while maintaining reliable service to the remainder 
of the grid, if the Large Load Customer receives the majority of benefits from that 
incremental facility. The term does not include Interconnection Facilities.
“Large Load Customer” means a customer connected to the electric distribution system 
with maximum Contract Capacity of over 50 MW individually or multiple closely located 
customers with maximum Contract Capacity of 100 MW in the aggregate. The Company 
has discretion to designate a customer below these thresholds as a Large Load Customer 
on a case-by-case basis.

===PAGE 143===
ATTACHME560630083
Monthly Billing Demand
(a)
(b)
Minimum Demand Charge
Collateral Requirements
Collateral requirements should be provided in sufficient amounts to fully cover Network 
Improvement Costs and Interconnection Facilities costs. As construction and load ramp 
milestones are achieved, collateral should be reduced and refunded to the Large Load 
Customer to reflect the reduced risk to other Company customers.
Eighty (80) percent of the Large Load Customer's contract capacity 
specified for the applicable period of the Contract Tenn; or
To enter into a contract under this Schedule, the customer must designate a specific site at 
which its Large Load project will be constructed and served by the Company, and the 
customer must own or have the exclusive or shared right to use the land for this purpose.
Eighty (80) percent of the Large Load Customer's highest previously 
established Monthly Billing Demand during the past 11 months. The 
Metered Voltage adjustment should not apply to the Large Load Customer's 
minimum Monthly Billing Demand.
The Company shall not be required to supply capacity in excess of the Contract Capacity 
except by mutual agreement.
the customer will be financially responsible to pay the minimum charges regardless of the
customer choosing to curtail, reduce, suspend, or terminate service.
Large Load Customers will be subject to a minimum monthly demand charge equal to 
80% of the contracted demand. Large Load Customers may be subject to higher monthly 
demand changes to allow the utility to fully recover fixed costs associated with serving 
the Large Load Customers’ load.
For purposes of the collateral requirements under this section, “Large Load Customer” 
shall include both the customer and the customer’s financial sponsor if the sponsor is a 
co-signor on the contract with the Company.
The Monthly Billing Demands for Large Load Customers in kW for each plant will be 
taken each month as the single-highest 15-minute integrated peak in kW, as registered at 
such plant during the month by a demand meter or indicator but the monthly demand so 
established should in no event be less than the greater of:

===PAGE 144===
ATTACHME560630083
Collateral Requirements shall be provided in one or more of the following forms:
(a)
1.
n.
(b)
Cash for the full collateral requirement.(c)
Contractual Flexibility
(a) Exit Fee
A Large Load Customer is permitted, without payment of an exit fee or any penalty to 
reduce its contract capacity after five years or the initial contract term, whichever is 
greater, by up to 20% in total by providing the Company at least 48 months written notice 
prior to the beginning of the PJM Delivery Year for which the reduction takes effect.
Large Load Customers with credit ratings of at least A- from Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) 
Global Ratings and A3 from Moody's Corporation (“Moody’s”) and liquidity greater than 
ten times the collateral requirement may provide a guarantee from a parent or corporate 
affiliate for the collateral requirement.
A Large Load Customer is permitted, subject to an Exit Fee, to terminate its contract or 
reduce its contract capacity beyond 20% at any time after the first five years of the 
contract by giving the Company at least 48 months written notice prior to the beginning 
of the PJM Delivery Year for which the reduction or termination takes effect, subject to 
a credit rating of at least A- from S&P Global Ratings and A3 from 
Moody's; and
liquidity greater than ten times the collateral requirement; or
A standby irrevocable letter of credit ("Letter of Credit") for the full collateral 
requirement if the Letter of Credit is issued by a U.S. bank or the U.S. branch of a 
foreign bank, which is not affiliated with the Large Load Customer or its 
guarantor, with a Credit Rating of at least A- from S&P Global Ratings and A3 
from Moody's. Such security must be issued for a minimum tenn of 360 days. The 
Large Load Customer must cause the renewal or extension of the security for 
additional consecutive terms of 360 days or more no later than 30 days prior to 
each expiration date of the security. If the security is not renewed or extended as 
required herein, the Company will have the right to draw immediately upon the 
Letter of Credit and be entitled to hold the amounts so drawn as security. The 
Letter of Credit must be acceptable to and approved by the Company; or
A guarantee from the ultimate parent or a corporate affiliate of the Large Load 
Customer for the full collateral requirement, so long as the guarantor has both

===PAGE 145===
ATTACHME560630083
(b) Dispute Resolution
Existing Large Load Customer Contracts
payment of a capacity reduction/termination fee payable to the Company upon the 
effective date of the termination of the contract or the effective date of the capacity 
reduction.
The Exit Fee will be calculated as the greater of (1) the difference between the cost of 
Network Improvements and Interconnection Facilities less the revenues received from the 
Large Load Customer, or (2) the nominal value of the remaining Minimum Charge for 
the tenninated/reduced capacity in excess of the 20% allowed reduction for each year of 
the Exit Fee Period.
Following receipt of proper notice, through the Exit Fee Period, the Company will use 
reasonable efforts, consistent with its obligations as a public utility, to mitigate the Exit 
Fee amount owed or paid by the Large Load Customer by evaluating the opportunity to 
assign the tenninated/reduced capacity to serve new Large Load Customers, to expand 
service to existing Large Load Customers, or otherwise secure offsetting expected 
revenues. A Large Load Customer may not assign any of its rights or delegate any of its 
obligations under the Contract without the written consent of the Company. An 
assignment or delegation in violation of this Section is null and void.
If there is a dispute concerning the calculation of the Exit Fee or mitigation amounts, 
either party to the contract may request escalation. Such request should be made in 
writing and within 14 business days of the Large Load Customer being notified regarding 
the Exit Fee calculation. In such instance, management representatives for the Company 
and the Large Load Customer will discuss and seek to resolve any issues. The 
management discussion should occur within 14 business days of a request, unless 
otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company and Large Load Customer. The Company 
and Large Load Customer agree to use this escalation process in good faith, escalating 
only those matters appropriate for management's consideration. This dispute resolution 
process does not limit or otherwise affect the ability of either Large Load Customer or the 
Company to file a formal complaint with the Commission to resolve the dispute.
Contract requests from existing Large Load Customers shall continue to be addressed by 
the Company consistent with the Company’s then existing tariff requirements. Existing 
Large Load Customers may request to enter into a new contract subject to this tariff s 
provisions. The Company has the discretion to grant the request for a new contract 
determined on a case-by-case basis.

===PAGE 146===
ATTACHME560630083
Full Planning Studies
Network Open Season Planning Studies
Maximum Times for Interconnection Studies
Public Interconnection Queue
PJM Emergency Procedures
The costs for Full Planning Studies, including steady-state and dynamic studies and any 
cluster studies required because of the potential addition of a Large Load Customer will 
be paid by the Large Load Customer requesting to interconnect onto the Company’s 
facilities.
Biannually (2 times per year) during a specified Network Open Season, Large Load 
Customers may apply for interconnection studies, which will be analyzed as cluster 
studies. The costs of the studies will be allocated to the Large Load Customers requesting 
the interconnection studies based on their pro-rata load share.
The Company will make available on its public website, in a manner that protects the 
identity of the Large Load Customer, a list of Large Load Customer interconnection 
applications by zip code, date accepted, MW interconnection amount and stage of 
interconnection study process.
Interconnection Studies will be completed within six (6) months from the date that an 
application for interconnection study is accepted by the Company as complete. The 
Company will provide confinnation of a completed application. If the Company has not 
completed the interconnection studies within six (6) months of receiving a complete 
interconnection application, the Company will refund the applicant 50% of the study fee 
for each 90-day period beyond the six-month completion deadline. The costs of these 
interconnection studies and the refunds will not be recovered from other ratepayers.
The Company will provide the Large Load Customer with its emergency response 
customer requirements, including required actions that would be necessary for the 
Company to respond to an emergency load shed event called by PJM Interconnection, 
LLC.

===PAGE 147===
ATTACHME560630083
Contract for Interruptible Service
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
The Company may offer eligible Large Load Customers an opportunity to receive 
service under options that provide mandatory capacity interruptions and 
discretionary energy interruptions pursuant to a contract agreed to by the 
Company and the Large Load Customer. Minimum interruption requirements will 
be the minimum requirements under the PJM Interconnection, LLC (PJM) 
Emergency Load Response Program for capacity purposes, or successor thereto.
The Company reserves the right to test or otherwise verify a Large Load 
Customer's ability to curtail its load. Any test or verification may involve physical 
interruption or curtailment of service if required by PJM's Emergency Load 
Response Program.
Contract Service for Interruptible Power will be available to Large Load Customer 
customers based on the Company’s existing interruptible service tariff provisions.
The Company reserves the right to manually curtail a Large Load Customer 
subject to this section in addition to the penalty described above.
A Large Load Customer that fails to curtail or interrupt its load when called to do 
so by the Company shall be removed from the interruptible tariff schedule or 
interruptible contract and transferred to the applicable firm rate schedule for the 
remainder of the contract term and thereafter, unless and until otherwise 
authorized by the Company to receive service under the interruptible tariff 
schedule or new interruptible contract.
Upon receipt of a request from the Large Load Customer for interruptible service 
not already expressly described within the tariff, the Company will provide a 
written offer containing rates and related terms and conditions of service. The 
contract will provide full disclosure of all rates, terms, and conditions of service 
and any and all agreements related thereto, subject to designation of 
confidentiality. The interruptible contract shall include penalties imposed on Large 
Load Customers that fail to curtail or interrupt its load when called to do so by the 
Company. The penalty shall be equal to the difference between the interruptible 
rate charges paid and the charges that would have applied under the otherwise 
applicable firm (non-interruptible) rate calculated for the entire contract term.
If a Large Load Customer taking service under an interruptible tariff or contract 
fails or refuses to curtail or interrupt its load when directed to do so by the 
Company, the Customer shall be subject to the penalty detailed in the interruptible 
tariff schedule, or interruptible contract.

===PAGE 148===
ATTACHME560630083
(f)
Other Matters
(a) Universal Service Fund Contributions
(b) Contributions in Aid of Construction (CIAC)
(c) Infrastructure Upgrades by Large Load Customers
The Company will allow the construction of network integrated infrastructure by 
Large Load Customers. Any customer upgrades must be completed according to 
existing NERC and FERC rales, engineering standards of the Company and meet 
any standards in the Public Utility Code for the inspection, maintenance, and 
repair of the facilities.
Large Load Customers are to make an annual contribution to the Company’s 
universal service program based on the following peak demand schedule:
(1) At least 25 megawatts but less than 75 megawatts: $250,000.
(2) At least 75 megawatts but less than 100 megawatts: $400,000.
(3) At least 100 megawatts but less than 500 megawatts: $500,000.
(4) 500 megawatts or more: $1,000,000.
Large Load Customers are subject to a fee for Interconnection Facilities costs and 
Network Improvement Costs through CIAC. The Company will assess CIAC for 
Large Load Customer additions to recover all distribution and transmission costs 
necessary to interconnect the new Large Load Customer. If a Network 
Improvement would not have been needed “but for” the interconnection of the 
Large Load Customer, then the costs of the upgrade will be allocated to that 
customer irrespective of whether other customers will benefit from it.
Large Load Customers bringing their own onsite generation and not using their 
full interconnection service request may be offered lower minimum demand 
charges and/or standby charges at the Company’s discretion on a case-by-case 
basis. A Large Load Customer bringing onsite generation and using that 
generation to offset demand for the Large Load Customer’s grid services during a 
curtailment event will be treated as having curtailed.
An exception to cost-allocation is for any upgrades or additions that were already 
planned by the Company pursuant to a Commission-approved Long-Tenn 
Infrastracture Improvement Plan (LTIIP), before the Large Load Customer 
requested service.
